Excel row: 2 Test instance: 1

Alice's mother died when she was five. Although her brothers and sisters were loving and caring, their love couldn't take the place of a mother's. In 1925 Alice became my mother and told me that her family couldn't even afford her a doll.
One afternoon in December 1982, when I was getting ready for Christmas, I suddenly decided to buy two dolls, one for my five-year-old daughter, Katie, and one for my old mother.
Things went smoothly when a friend told me that his dad, who played Santa Claus in my area, would be willing to make a visit on Christmas morning to our home with the gifts! Knowing that my parents would also come to my house, I began to get ready for the most memorable day of my mother's life.
Christmas Day arrived and so did Santa Claus at the planned time. Katie was very excited and happy all the time to welcome the Santa. My mother was enjoying watching Katie welcoming this special guest. As Santa turned to leave he looked again into his bag and took out one more gift. As he asked who Alice was, my mother, without thinking of her name being called, said that she in fact was Alice. Santa handed her the gift with a message card that read:
For Alice:
I was cleaning out my sleigh   before my trip this year and came across this package that should be sent on December 25, 1925. The gift inside has aged, but I felt that you might still wish to have it. Many apologies for the lateness of the gift.
Love,
Santa Claus
My mother was very excited and deeply moved to tears. She couldn't speak but only held tightly in her arms the doll she had waited fifty-seven years to receive as tears of joy flew down her face. That doll made my mother the happiest "child".

Generated quiz:
Question: Santa Claus gave Katie a doll for Christmas. What did Santa say about the doll?
Answer: it was old
MC option A) it was new 
MC option B) it was old 
MC option C) it was broken 
MC option D) it was wet

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 3 Test instance: 10

Discover Artistic Talents across the Country
Redtory, Guangzhou
Redtory, established in 2009, is a spacious art district often referred to as Guangzhou's 798. Made up of more than 30 old halls, mostly buildings of red brick, the place was originally built in 1956 as Chinese largest can factory. Some of the rusty machines from the old factory have been kept as art equipment, giving the zone an old charm.
Where: No. 128 Yuancun Siheng Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
Opening hours: Mon-Sun 10:30 am-9 pm
Tank Loft, Chongqing
This 12,000-square-meter art center was established on the site of a used military tank warehouse . It is the largest contemporary art base in western China, featuring modern exhibition, galleries, design studios and art bookstores. The art zone is located on the campus of the Sichuan Fine Arts Institute and was created by the school in the early 2000s.
Where: No. 108 Huangjueping Center Street, Jiulongpo District, Chongqing
Opening hours: 9 am-5 pm(closed Mondays)
M50, Shanghai
M50, also known as 50 Moganshan Road, is the center of Shanghai's contemporary art scene, with more than 100 artists whose studios are open to the public. This district, on the bank of Suzhou Creek, was previously a textile factory until it seized production in 1999. Xue Song, a Shanghai artist, was the first to establish a studio there in 2002.
Where: No. 50 Moganshan Road, Pudong District, Shanghai
Opening hours: 10 am-5 pm(closed Mondays)
798 Art Zone, Beijing
Attracted by ordered designing, convenient traffic and unique style of Bauhaus architecture, art organizations and artists have crowded in the vacant plants and transformed them since 2001, gradually forming a district gathered galleries, art studios, cultural companies, fashion shops etc. As the earliest area where the organizations and artists moved in located in the original area of 798 factory, this place was named as Beijing 798 Art Zone.
Where: No. 4 Jiuxianqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
Opening hours: 10 am-6 pm

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the name of the art district in Beijing that was once a factory?
Answer: 798 Art Zone
MC option A) 798 Art Zone 
MC option B) Tank Loft 
MC option C) M50 
MC option D) Redtory

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 4 Test instance: 19

British newspapers are among the oldest and most famous in the world. But recently big changes have seen these traditional publications try to fit the modern world. After 221 years, The Times has changed its size to become much smaller. In fact, the paper has cut its size in half from a broadsheet to tabloid . 
In prefix = st1 /Britainthe newspaper market is divided between the larger broadsheets and the smaller tabloids. These terms refer to the size of the papers' pages but there is also a clear difference in content. Broadsheets such as The Times, the Guardian and Daily Telegraph are serious papers. They cover a broad range of political, economic and international issues. Their stories are also reasonably long and use quite formal language.
Tabloids have far more stories about less serious issues such as celebrities' love lives. Their stories are shorter and use more simple language. Tabloids often have bigger pictures. Britain's best-selling newspaper, the Sun, is a tabloid and has a naked girl on Page Three every day.
By changing to the size of a tabloid, The Times is following in the footsteps of a less famous broadsheet paper the Independent . It changed to tabloid last year and saw its sales increase greatly. Although both papers have switched to the smaller size the content of the papers has remained the same. They are both still serious papers. 
The two papers claim that people find the smaller size easier to handle when they travel to work on the bus or the train in the morning. Instead of calling the new style of their paper tabloid, the paper says its new size is "compact" .

Generated quiz:
Question: A newspaper is a kind of media. Which type of media is the Times?
Answer: newspaper
MC option A) book 
MC option B) newspaper 
MC option C) magazine 
MC option D) film

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 5 Test instance: 28

Dear Ms Morris,
We have come to know of an unfortunate incident you had with our customer service department and we would like to deeply apologize for the inconvenience caused to you by the customer service manager's behavior. We have noted down your complaint (number 797329SA) and would like to let you know that strict action will be taken against the employee. He is a new employee with little experience and so his attitude towards his job was over enthusiastic and he lacked proper judgment.
We are by no means excusing his behavior but I would like to request you not to take any legal action against the company as we are very sorry for what happened. To express our appreciation, please accept the offer of free servicing of all products of our company that you own for up to three years. We will also make sure that the faulty  air conditioner is replaced by us at no extra cost so that you do not face any further problem.
Once again, we are very sorry for the incident. Please contact us if you have any questions.
                                                           Yours sincerely,
                                                              Nate Borges
Dear sir,
I should like to apologize for the inconvenience caused to you due to poor Internet connectivity. I understand that you require the Internet all through the day as all your business deals are done online and since last week your work has been affected a great deal.
We are continually working towards providing the best possible services to our customers. You have been using our service for the last three years and are aware of the excellent quality of service offered by us. However, this time due to some major technical fault the Internet service was interrupted and our customers in your part of the city are facing our poor Internet connectivity problems.
The issue is likely to be solved within the next two days; kindly bear with us until then. Once again I apologize for the poor service.
                                                           Yours faithfully,
                                                              David Johns

Generated quiz:
Question: A company that sells air conditioners is writing a letter to a customer who complained about the quality of service. What is the best way for the company to show its apology?
Answer: refund the money
MC option A) refund the money 
MC option B) replace the product 
MC option C) offer a discount 
MC option D) offer to pay the customer's legal fees

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 6 Test instance: 37

The Streisand Effect
When Barbra Streisand discovered in 2003 that a photograph of her California beach house was among 12,000 photos on the Internet as part of a collection by a photographer Kenneth Adelman, she did what any famous person would do: hit him with a $50 million lawsuit  . But in trying to hold back the images, she caused a different result. Her legal actions led to almost half a million people visiting the website, viewing and copying the photos within a month.
Ever since then, the effect of letting public know something you are trying to keep secret has been called the "Streisand effect". The problem for anyone trying to cover up information is that the Internet is the world's biggest and most useful copying machine. Put a document   on to a connected machine and it will spread. So when you want to be famous, you can't, but if you find yourself receiving too much attention and want to remove yourself, you cannot.  
There are many examples of the Streisand effect. Nine-year-old Martha Payne created a simple blog, posting the meals her school served. She took a photo of what was hardly a satisfying meal by anyone's standards. With the photo, she added a comment, "Now Dad understands why I am hungry when I get home." The thing did not go too far, until the local authority   banned   little Martha from doing that again. Martha posted a final post called "Goodbye", explaining everything. Once the media found this out, things went from bad to worse for the authority. Now the blog has more than 9.5 million page views. Martha has even expanded her blog by including pictures of school meals taken by other kids from all over the world, like Germany and Japan.
We can find similar examples throughout history. Man has experienced the Streisand effect ever since the birth of mass communication. Why does it exist? Every time you are told not to see what's in the secret shiny box wrapped in gift paper, you're going to do everything in your power to do exactly that! Just realizing that knowing something about someone is harmful to their status, we will want to know that piece of information. This is exactly the human nature. This is what lawyers and authorities should be familiar with. Unfortunately, a few of them fail to understand it.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a book with a secret message. The student is told not to read the book but to look at the picture on the cover. What is the message the student is trying to convey by showing the picture on the cover?
Answer: the book is for sale
MC option A) the book is for sale 
MC option B) the book is in good condition 
MC option C) the book is written by a famous author 
MC option D) the book is available at a low price

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 7 Test instance: 46

Life is full of sweet surprises for Chinese pop singer Edell.
    She majored in design in a Canadian college. But when she was looking for a job after graduation, she found herself rising as a star in singing. Then she became a hostess on TV. "These are roles I never expected to take," she said.
    Edell is open to every possibility in life, not afraid to try new things. She says that every day she tries to get herself ready to take any chance that occurs in life.
    "My mom told me chance only rewards those with a prepared mind," she said. "So I've tried to explore my potential talents. Thus I won't be at a loss when the right opportunity comes up."
Edell learned ballet in her childhood until she broke her back in practice. She then fell in love with music. 
    Like many girls of her age, she has a rich collection of CDs. But she never dreamed of being a singer. One day she was noticed by a talent scout . she gave a try and succeeded! And that's not the end of the story.
    Once she was invited to be the hostess of the Asian MTV Awards in Thailand. Though she has never had any experience, she accepted the invitation. "At least I could make a trip to the foreign country," she said. Upon arrival at the ceremony, she had to read through a 91-page English biography of every guest. She studied it so much that she could recite all the details in it.
    It helped her greatly. She greeted those strange faces she had never seen before and talked with them like an old friend. She did a great job. The MTV channel was so satisfied that they offered her a job as a TV hostess."Try to get yourself well-prepared in life," she said. "In the meantime, try to live your life with brains."

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's mother told her that if she wanted to be successful in life, she should be prepared for any kind of change. What did Edell do to prepare for the Asian MTV Awards?
Answer: she read the biographies of the guests
MC option A) she read the biographies of the guests 
MC option B) she practiced her English with her friends 
MC option C) she made a list of the names of the guests 
MC option D) she made a plan to talk with the guests

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 8 Test instance: 55

Five-year-old Jocelyn Rojas spent all day playing happily with her friends outside her grandmother's apartment building. Her mom, Jaimee, kept her eye on the little girl from a window. At about 4 p.m., Jocelyn walked around the corner of the building to get her bicycle. However, half an hour later, she disappeared. Jaimee called 911.
A short time later, police officers and firefighters crowded inthe area, blocking streets and searching the neighborhood. Officers handed out photos of the girl wearing thick-framed glasses.
Temar Boggs, 15, a school athlete in track, was with some friends moving a couch into the apartment of his elderly neighbor when one officer approached him and asked if he'd seen Jocelyn. Unfortunately, none of them had seen her. A little bit later, Temar and his friends went to check out the situation. By 6:30 p.m., Jocelyn had been missing for more than two hours, and the search team was worried that the sun would set before she was found.
Just at that moment, Temar felt an intense emotion that he was going to find her. He and his friend Chris Garcia, 13, rode alongside, simply keeping a sharp eye out as they circled around. Then Temar spotted a car circling around, as if the driver were unfamiliar with the neighborhood. Temar cycled close and made eye contact with the man behind the wheel, an older guy wearing a red-and-white striped shirt, and saw a tiny blond girl in the passenger seat. Temar instantly realized it must be the missing girl.
The boys cycled after the car, but the driver kept moving, winding his way through the neighborhood.
Finally, the driver had to park the car ahead of them and pushed open the passenger-side door. A girl slipped out of the car. It was Jocelyn. Temar got off his bike, and carried her to the police. The kidnapper sped away.
A police report later identified the man as a 63-ycar-old sex offender. He is still _ .
Neil Harkins, chief of the Manheim Police Department, says "The boys' heroics are 'something we don't normally hear about.' It is a very brave thing for young boys to do that." But when asked, Temar, now a tenth-grade student at Lucy Laney High School, says "I didn't do it for attention. I just wanted to help."

Generated quiz:
Question: The police found a 63-year-old man kidnapping a 5-year-old girl. The police arrested the man and put him in jail. The girl was released from jail after the police arrested the man. The boy's action was a kind of
Answer: heroism
MC option A) heroism 
MC option B) kindness 
MC option C) bravery 
MC option D) kindness

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 9 Test instance: 64

Best places to visit in Australia
Are you looking for the best places to see in Australia? Here are the top 5 places to visit in Australia. It includes the best, the most beautiful and the most famous.
Sydney
For those who have made a flight from the other side of the world, if you come and don't see Sydney, it is a bit like going to Germany and not drinking a beer, or to England and not seeing London, or America and not trying a hot dog. There is plenty to see and do in Sydney apart from the well known attractions of the Harbour Bridge, the Opera House, and Bondi beaches.
Byron Bay
Located in New South Wales, just south of the Queensland border, Byron Bay is popular with not just international tourists, but is also a favorite holiday destination of Australians. The lighthouse is amazing at sunset (and it is the most easterly part of mainland Australia). There are a range of music festivals over the year that attract international and local musicians alike.
The Great Ocean Road
The Great Ocean Road, located in Victoria, is one of the best scenic drives of the world. Its official length is 243 kms (roughly 150 miles), but it will take you a full day to enjoy it due to the narrow and windy traffic lanes (only one in each direction).
Daintree Rainforest
Located in northern Queensland, roughly 110 kms north of Cairns, the rainforest is a nature wonderland. It is Australia's largest rainforest, about 20% of Australia's native bird species can be found within the Daintree.
The Great Barrier Reef
Located in Queensland, this attraction is one of those attractions that are actually known by everyone. Extending for about 2,300 kms, it is home to many rare, endangered and unique animals and plant species.

Generated quiz:
Question: Many animals live in the rainforests of Australia. Some animals live in the rainforests for hundreds of years. Some animals live in the rainforests for thousands of years. Some animals live in the rainforests because the rainforests provide shelter for the animals. Some animals live in the rainforests because the rainforests provide good habitats for the animals.
Answer: shelter
MC option A) food 
MC option B) shelter 
MC option C) water 
MC option D) air

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 10 Test instance: 73

Ad.1
West High School Bake Sale
Come and support our band and buy some delicious baked goods!
Friday, September 20th, 2:00 - 4:00 p.m.
In the hall by the office after school
Cookies: 25 cents each or 5 for $1
Brownies: 50 cents each or 3 for $1.25
Cake by the slice: $1
Whole cakes: $8
Proceeds go toward sending our band to Nationals.
Ad.2
SHIPPING AND HANDLING CHARGES
Ups or U.S. Parcel Post are the standard methods for continental U.S. shipments.
ORDER TOTAL          GROUND          EXPEDITED GROUND
9-12 working days        4-5 working days
$0.00 to $30.00                $4.50                  $5.50
$30.01 to $60.00               $7.25                  $8.25
$60.01 to $100.00          $9.50                  $10.50
$100.01 to $200.00             $11.50                 $12.50
Add $7.00 to Ground Rates for 3 Days.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is selling lemonade outside of school. She wants to raise money to send her band to nationals. Which statement is an opinion?
Answer: i think it is important to recycle
MC option A) it is important to recycle 
MC option B) i think it is important to recycle 
MC option C) everyone should recycle 
MC option D) everyone should not recycle

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 11 Test instance: 82

"Thanks for coming," Everett said, shaking hands with Mr. Hanson, the town councilor  . 
              "I'm curious about the ideas in your letter." Mr. Hanson nodded toward the parking lot near where they stood. "Please tell me more." 
              Everett took a deep breath. "Ever since the school closed two years ago, this area has become worse. But if we clean up the litter and repair the fence, it will be a great place for a skateboard park." Mr. Hanson scanned the broken concrete, nodding. "The old school is being adapted to a community arts centre. This area could become a vital part of the neighbourhood again." 
              "Here's a picture of a skateboard park in another town. Look how busy it is." Everett was relieved that the community representative seemed receptive to the idea. Mr. Hanson studied the photograph, and then asked, "If town council provides the money, how will you and your friends contribute?" Everett felt optimistic now. "We'll help design and build the ramps . More experienced boarders could give lessons to raise money!" Everett's voice was enthusiastic. 
              However, Mr. Hanson said, "We'll still need parking spaces, and the neighbours will not like late-night noise. They might worry about the crime of deliberately damaging public property and...."
              "The skateboard park would use only the back corner, which isn't near any houses. Since young people already hang out here, why not give them something fun and physically active to do in their free time?"              The lines over Mr. Hanson's forehead unwrinkled  , and Everett's hopes rose again. "If everyone works together," Everett thought, "maybe this idea will become reality."

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's friend is a skateboarder. He wants to build a skateboard park in his town. What should he do to make his idea come true?
Answer: make a plan
MC option A) make a plan 
MC option B) ask for help 
MC option C) find a solution 
MC option D) change his mind

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 12 Test instance: 91

Science Fiction
The science fiction type of entertainment is considered by most to be fathered by Jules Verne (A Journey to the Center of the Earth and Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea) and H. G. Wells (The Time Machine and The War of the Worlds). Sci-Fi, as it is commonly shortened, is a fictional story in which science and technology have a significant influence on the characters and plot. Many such works are guesswork about what the future holds and how scientific findings and technological advances will shape humankind.
Writing in the late 1800s, Jules Verne was remarkably successful in his 10 guesses about future technologies of air conditioning, automobiles, the Internet, television, and underwater, air, and space travel. Unbelievably, of all places from which to choose, Jules Verne guessed Tampa, Florida, USA as the launching site of the first project to the Moon, which was only 200 kilometers away from the actual 1969 location at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
One of the best-known science fiction books is Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell. Published in 1949, it was not meant as a prediction, but as a warning: Orwell was describing what he saw as the outcome of the ideas, trends, and emerging technologies of his time. Many invented terms from this novel have become common in everyday use, such as "big brother" and "doublethink". Even the author's name has been made into an adjective--Orwellian--and has become a warning descriptor for situations where privacy is lost and the individual becomes sacrifice under a totalitarian  government. Nineteen Eighty-Four was translated into sixty-five languages within five years of its publication, setting a record that still stands.
What helps bring science fiction into being is usually a new discovery or innovation. The author creates an analysis of the potential influence and consequences and then wraps it in a pleasant story. For example, the beginning of space exploration was followed a few years later by the Star Trek television program and movie series. Advances in genetics  cause fantasies of the end of disease, horrors of eugenics , and thrillers where creatures disappearing long ago are brought back to life. The science fiction author's self-determined role is that of field glasses for humanity--searching the world of future possibilities upon the road which we are traveling.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the main idea of the story "War of the Worlds"?
Answer: humans are being attacked by aliens
MC option A) humans are being attacked by aliens 
MC option B) humans are traveling to other planets 
MC option C) aliens are trying to communicate with humans 
MC option D) humans are discovering new life on other planets

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 13 Test instance: 100

The challenge to drink to the limits of one's endurance has become a celebrated part of college life. In one of the most extensive reports on college drinking thus far, a 1997 Harvard School of Public Health study found that 43 percent of college students admitted binge drinking in the preceding two weeks (Defined as four drinks in a sitting for a woman and five of a man, a drinking binge is when one drinks enough to risk health and well - being )
Experts estimate that excessive drinking is involved in thousands of student deaths a year. And the Harvard researchers found that there has been a dramatic change in why students drink. 39 percent drank "to get drunk" in 1993, but 52 percent had the same objective in 1997.
"What has changed is the across - the - board acceptability of intoxication  ," says Felix Savino at UW - Madison. Many college students today see not just drinking but being drunk as their primary way of socializing.
The reasons for the shift are complex and not fully understood. But researchers guess that it may have something to do with today's instant - satisfaction life - style--and young people tend to take into the extreme.
While binge drinking isn't always deadly, it does have other, wide - ranging effects. Academics is one area where it takes a heavy  _ (something paid, lost or suffered). Perhaps because alcohol increases aggression and affects judgement, it is also related to 25 percent of violent crimes and roughly 60 percent of vandalism on campus. Facing the many potential dangers, college campuses are searching for ways to reduce binge drinking.

Generated quiz:
Question: Students who drink too much alcohol are more likely to commit crimes such as theft and vandalism. What is the most likely reason for this?
Answer: the alcohol was poured down a drain
MC option A) the alcohol was poured down a drain 
MC option B) the alcohol was poured into a glass 
MC option C) the alcohol was poured into a plastic cup 
MC option D) the alcohol was poured into a trash can

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 14 Test instance: 109

Most Americans receive at least two or three credit card applications in the mail every month.Why have credit cards become so popular? For a merchant, the answer is obvious.By putting charge slips  in a bank, the merchant can change credit card sales into cash.In return for processing the merchant's credit card transactions , the bank charges a fee that ranges between 1.5 and 5 percent.
         The easiest way to establish credit is to open checking and savings accounts at your local bank.Then apply for a gasoline or store credit card.These cards are fairly easy to get because retailers  want you to buy their goods and services.The third step, and the most dangerous one, is obtaining a major credit card like Visa, MasterCard, or American Express.
       It is important to choose a credit card carefully because terms and conditions vary widely.Annual fees range from $15 to $75 a year, but some credit card companies charge no annual fee at all.If you will be one of the growing number of people who don't pay off their credit card debts in full each month, look for the card with the lowest interest rate.Interest rates generally range from 12 to 18 percent, though it is possible to find cards with lower rates.
       A credit card can be your friend because it can get you through unexpected emergencies.And if there is a problem with the products or service you purchase with your credit card, you have an opportunity to hold back payment by asking the credit card company to "charge back" to the retailer until the argument is settled.Monthly credit card statements can also help you keep your records in order.Finally, if you make payments on time, the card helps you to establish a good credit history.
       A credit card can be your enemy because it is an invitation to purchase items you really do not need.The credit card companies' continuous offers of minimum payments, cash advances, and even months without payments may seem like a way to skate through a money crisis.In reality, your finance charges and fees only increase, and you go deeper into debt.
       If you do find yourself in trouble, do not ignore the bills.Contact your creditors to explain your problem and express your desire to pay down your card balance.If that fails, a nonprofit organization like Consumer Credit Counseling Service can assist you in getting back on your financial feet.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student uses a credit card to pay for school supplies. The student's mother objects to the use of the credit card because it is used for personal expenses. The student's mother contacts the credit card company to have the charges reversed. What is the purpose of this action?
Answer: to collect money owed
MC option A) to collect money owed 
MC option B) to establish good credit history 
MC option C) to get the goods or services you need 
MC option D) to make a profit

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 15 Test instance: 118

There is an English saying that goes, "he who laughs last, laughs the hardest." High School Musical star and teen heartthrob  Zac Efron is laughing a lot these days.
  As a young boy, Efron was picked on in school because he was always the smallest in his class and teased because he had a big space between his teeth. In the sixth grade, Efron's basketball team made it to the league championships. In double overtime  , with three seconds left, he rebounded the ball and passed it to the wrong team! They scored and his team lost the game.
  But history, as they say, is a thing of the past. Now at 21, Efron is one of People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People, graces the cover of Entertainment Weekly, Hollywood's most influential magazine, and is traveling the world promoting the third High School Musical film. Director Adam Shankman described Efron as "arguably the biggest teen star in America right now." Simply google "Zac Efron" and you get more than 14 million responses. Yes, it seems Efron has a lot to smile about these days.
  Efron was born and raised in California. He took school seriously. According to Efron, "he would flip out if he got a B and not an A in school, and that he was a class clown." It was his father who encouraged him to act. He took part in school performances and with a local theater group. He also took singing lessons. He graduated from high school in 2006 and was admitted to the University of Southern California to study film. But he deferred --why study movies when you can star in them.
  Now he has signed on to star in the romantic comedy Seventeen Again and to play in the remake of the hugely popular movie, Footloose. Efron is also earning more than $3 million for his role in High School Musical 3. Not bad for a 21-year-old. But Efron still remembers those bullies.
   "You always have to remember that bullies want to bring you down because you have something that they admire," Efron said. "Also, when you get made fun of, when people point out your weaknesses, it's an opportunity for you to rise above."
   Efron has risen all the way to the top of the movie business. And he can now laugh all the way to the bank.

Generated quiz:
Question: Zac Efron is a famous American actor. He is also a student. What is the major of Zac Efron?
Answer: acting
MC option A) acting 
MC option B) music 
MC option C) sports 
MC option D) history

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 16 Test instance: 127

Teachers and textbooks  _ -- your future could be under threat from a quickly developing and very smart technology.
     University of California researchers led by Jacob White hill recently programmed teaching robots to react to facial expression. Whitehill's achievement marked a major step forward in the way people could one day learn by establishing facial expression recognition in robot teachers.
     The teaching robots or, Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) are computer systems that provide personalized instruction and feedback to students without human intervention. The facial expression recognition allows a computer to react according to expressions a user makes.
     He said that the system was an important development in improving learning systems.
"Classical ITS typically have a somewhat rigid architecture of 'first I ask a questions then I wait for a responses then I talk some more; then I wait for another response.' Facial expression recognition, I believe, will allow the feedback from student to teacher to happen while the robot teacher is talking," Whitehill said.
     Experts agree the latest developments in ITS open new possibilities for how people could learn. University of Memphis researcher, Dr Andrew Olney, who recently received a US$ I. 3 million grant to develop an ITS, said the key to future learning will be enabling interactive , one-on-one instruction.
     "The technology can benefit these more advanced learning scenarios ," he said.
     Although robot teachers of varying abilities have existed for more than 30 years, ITS developments such as Whitehill's and Olney's are pushing beliefs that robots could soon be as effective as-- if not more effective than human teachers.
     "The ITS which have been developed are already better teachers than people who have no experience," Olney said.
     So, what is the future for today's teachers, classrooms, and textbooks?

Generated quiz:
Question: Robots can be used in many ways. One way that robots can be used is to help students with their homework.
Answer: yes
MC option A) no 
MC option B) yes 
MC option C) no 
MC option D) yes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 17 Test instance: 136

Hello-Hello, a creative mobile language learning company, announced the launch of Hello-Hello World, a free application for the iPad that helps people learn a new language by connecting them with native speakers through social networking.
The application lets users complete language lessons and connect with Hello-Hello's global community of language learners with members in almost 100 countries to help each other in the learning process. 
Hello-Hello World is available in 11 different languages and allows users to submit both oral and writing exercises for their friends and Hello-Hello's language experts to review. Users are also able to provide written feedback on their friend's exercises directly from their mobile devices.
"The most effective way to learn a new language is through total immersion  ,"said Sarah Gontijo, founder and CEO of Hello-Hello. "However, not everyone has the opportunity to live in another country. Hello-Hello World brings the convenience of connecting with native speakers anytime, from anywhere. This can help users not only learn the language but also understand the culture."
Hello-Hello World lets users synchronize   their information with the Hello-Hello Cloud and then access the content from any mobile device or computer. The application is first being released for the ipad and will become available on a variety of platforms, including the iPhone, Android and Blackberry.
The application arrives at a time when tablet   computing is driving the creation of new educational tools, such as Hell-Hello World. Many schools and colleges are finding ways to adapt mobile technology for classroom learning. "The market is hot for such pioneering in education and social networking," said Gontijo. "Hell-Hello promises to be the invention that will set the ball rolling and bring innovation to an industry that has seen little change over the years."
Technology research firm Gartner predicts that app-store downloads worldwide will double to $17.7 billion as the year closes, and that app-income will hit $15.1 billion, tripling the impact of last year's sales. App-downloads are expected to continue to jump to 185 billion by 2014, at which point worldwide tablet sales are projected to surpass   208 million units.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the most effective way to learn a new language?
Answer: live in the country where the language is spoken
MC option A) live in the country where the language is spoken 
MC option B) take classes at a local college 
MC option C) listen to audiotapes of native speakers 
MC option D) read books about the language

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 18 Test instance: 145

The Haitian tsunami gave scientists a chance to find out how well vital and potentially life-saving warning systems were working.
Noaa's Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory has developed a warning system that picks up signals of tsunamis directly from the sea-floor.
It is called Dart-the Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis. If seismometers  detect an earthquake, the Dart buoys  will determine what is happening to sea levels, and whether a big wave might be on the way. This information is then sent via satellite to a central location which can organize an alarm. Within 50 minutes of the Haiti earthquake, this system was able to issue an alarm to other countries in the Caribbean to say that a small tsunami had been caused to start, and that was unlikely to affect them.
Dr Bernard said, "The first 30 minutes following the earthquake, we have to rely on education." The critical aspects of this are: do you feel the earthquake; do you see the ocean draw down; and do you hear that loud roar? If so, you should run for higher ground.
"But after the first few minutes, it's crucial that we have the technology--the measurements to avoid unnecessary evacuation and tell people when it is safe to return." Right now, there are 50 of these Dart buoys all over the globe--four of which are in the Caribbean.
Dr Bernard says that, with 75 to 100 buoys worldwide, this system could provide global tsunami warnings within one hour.
"That's for everywhere we know that tsunamis have happened. If we wanted to go to half an hour detection, we could probably double or multiply by four times that number," he said.
"In some countries, including Haiti, there may not be enough resources to support a specific tsunami warning centre for something that happens so infrequently."
He said that this system was relatively inexpensive to fix and operate.
"To get it down to an hour for everywhere affected would cost $50m initial investment and then 10% of that to maintain it," he said.
"That's not a terribly expensive system considering the potential savings of lives."

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the purpose of a tsunami warning system?
Answer: warn people
MC option A) warn people 
MC option B) measure the size of the waves 
MC option C) collect data on the waves 
MC option D) determine the cause of the waves

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 19 Test instance: 154

Directions: Read the following passage. The passage is followed by several questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A,B,C and D. Choose the one that fits best according to the information given in the passage.
 
It may be open to discussion which city is the most beautiful in the world. But in terms of " the most livable", Melbourne has ranked top in a survey done by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) in August. In fact, four cities Down Under are among the top ten most livable cities.
The climate in Australia is warm and mild, particularly in major coastal cities. As a result, people spend much time outdoors. They go to the beach, to the countryside, or play sports outdoors in fields. 
Take Melbourne for example. The city features many open green spaces and beautiful long beaches. Melburnians 
(people from Melbourne) have a strong love for sports. The city hosts the annual Australia Open, 
the Formula One Grand Prix, cricket, rugby and homegrown football. It is also home to museums, art exhibitions and drama festivals.
The comfortable environment has encouraged many people to migrate  to the country and Australia is known for being very multicultural or its cultural diversity .
"We have tried to introduce a sense of belonging in Australia," said Chris Bowen, the Australian Minister for Immigration . "Multiculturalism is about inviting every individual member of society to be everything they can be ... to develop as individuals."
This could be the reason behind another Australia quality that Guardian reporter Stephen Brook has noticed: Australians do patriotism  much better than the Brits.
"I once witnessed two Australian viewers at a tennis tournament show more support for the Aussie player than the rest of the British arena," he wrote.
It is also an Australian tradition to stand up for the  _ . In the 2000 Olympic Games, the Sydney public watches an African swimmer who was barely able to swim 50 meters. Even though most people in the stands knew that even they could have swum better than him at that point, they cheered his every stroke  as if he were on his way to a good medal. During the 2003 Rugby World Cup, the level of support they showed for the Japanese team surprised viewers since Japan had little hope of winning. 
"Australians don't need to be victorious in order to feel like a worthy person. When they cheer for the underdog, seeing other human beings having the courage to take on hardship, they get the emotional satisfaction they need," wrote a blogger on convictcreations.com, a website dedicated to Australian culture.

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer of the passage thinks that the Australians are very proud of their multicultural society. Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?
Answer: Australians are very proud of their multicultural society.
MC option A) Australians are very proud of their multicultural society. 
MC option B) Australians are very proud of their multicultural society. 
MC option C) Australians are very proud of their multicultural society. 
MC option D) Australians are very proud of their multicultural society.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 20 Test instance: 163

Children grow quickly, especially their feet, but many families cannot buy new shoes each time a child needs them. As a result, about 300 million children around the world go barefoot. Those children risk picking up diseases and parasites from the soil.
An American man may have a solution for those barefoot kids -- a shoe that grows with the child. Kenton Lee is the creator of The Shoe That Grows. He explains how the shoe works and how it is able to last so long.
"It grows in three places: the front; it can also grow on the side with Velcro; and on the back with our buckle. It can last up to five years. The bottom is compressed rubber like tire rubber. The top is just high-quality leather." The shoe comes in two sizes: small that fits children aged 4 to 9 and large for children aged 9 to 14.
Lee says he got the idea for the shoe while working as a volunteer in an orphanage in Kenya. "... and there was a little girl in a white dress walking next to me. And I just remember looking down and seeing how small her shoes were. They were just way too small for her feet. They were so small that she had to cut open the front of her shoes to let her toes stick out. And I just remember thinking, wouldn't it be nice if there were a pair of shoes that could grow with her feet?"
However, Lee says it was not easy to turn his idea into a reality. "I kept writing down I should do this because of this or because of that. All these reasons why it really was important for me to try to make the shoes that could grow and try to help." Finally, in 2009 Lee founded a non-profit organization called Because International. In the office of Because International, Lee keeps a pair of his own shoes to help him remember his promise. "I told myself I would not get new shoes until the idea was done. So, those are the shoes that I wore for a little over five years."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a pair of shoes that do not fit. The student is told to wear the shoes until they do fit. The shoes should fit for at least one year. The shoes should not be too tight. The shoes should be loose enough to allow the child's foot to grow.
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) the shoes should be made of rubber. 
MC option B) the shoes should be loose enough to allow the child's foot to grow. 
MC option C) the shoes should be laced up in the front. 
MC option D) the shoes should have a buckle on the back.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 21 Test instance: 172

Global warming is causing more than 300,000 deaths and about $125 billion in economic losses each year, according to a report by the Global Humanitarian Forum, an organization led by Annan, the former United Nations secretary general.
The report, to be released Friday, analyzed data and existing studies of health, disaster, population and economic trends. It found that human-influenced climate change was raising the global death rates from illnesses including malnutrition   and heat-related health problems.
But even before its release, the report drew criticism from some experts on climate and risk, who questioned its methods and conclusions.
Along with the deaths, the report said that the lives of 325 million people, primarily in poor countries, were being seriously affected by climate change. It projected that the number would double by 2030.
Roger Pielke Jr., a political scientist at the University of Colorado, Boulder, who studies disaster trends, said the Forum's report was "a methodological embarrassment" because there was no way to distinguish deaths or economic losses related to human-driven global warming amid the much larger losses resulting from the growth in populations and economic development in vulnerable   regions. Dr. Pielke said that "climate change is an important problem requiring our utmost   attention." But the report, he said, "will harm the cause for action on both climate change and disasters because it is so deeply flawed  ."
However, Soren Andreasen, a social scientist at Dalberg Global Development Partners who supervised the writing of the report, defended it, saying that it was clear that the numbers were rough estimates. He said the report was aimed at world leaders, who will meet in Copenhagen in December to negotiate a new international climate treaty.
In a press release describing the report, Mr. Annan stressed the need for the negotiations to focus on increasing the flow of money from rich to poor regions to help reduce their vulnerability  to climate hazards while still curbing   the emissions of the heat-trapping gases. More than 90% of the human and economic losses from climate change are occurring in poor countries, according to the report.

Generated quiz:
Question: The Great Lakes region of North America is experiencing a severe drought. As a result of the drought, algae blooms have increased in the lakes. The algae blooms have caused the lake levels to rise. What is the most likely reason for the increase in lake levels?
Answer: melting glaciers
MC option A) thawing permafrost 
MC option B) melting glaciers 
MC option C) increased runoff 
MC option D) increased evaporation

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 22 Test instance: 181

Many people earn their living with their hands. Ed earns his living with his feet! And a very good living it is, too.
Ed's story began in a very small town in Brazil. His father and mother were very poor. Seven people lived in their tiny house. Ed's father often played football. Little Ed wanted to play football too. So his father made a soft ball for him to kick. It was a sock filled with soft materials. The little boy kicked it every day.
At last Ed learned to kick a real football. By the time he was 11, he played football very well.
One day Ed was playing with some men. A man passing by saw how fast the boy ran. He stopped to watch. How well Ed kicked the ball!
After the game, the man called Ed to him. "My name is Mr. Dee," he said. "I used to play football for a living. Will you let me teach you what I know?"
"Oh, yes!" Ed answered.
In the next four years, Mr. Dee trained Ed to be a fine player. The boy worked hard. At last Mr. Dee talked to Ed's father. "This boy is ready to play with the big teams," he said. "Let me take him to a city that has a good team."
Mr. Dee took Ed to Santos, Brazil. There, the boy joined the Santos Football Club.
In his first big game, Ed helped his team win by seven points. He made four of the seven points!
Many people thought he was the best football player in the world. He was "The King of Football"

Generated quiz:
Question: Mr. Dee was a famous football player in Brazil. He was very good at football. He helped his team win many games. What was Mr. Dee's job?
Answer: football player
MC option A) teacher 
MC option B) doctor 
MC option C) football player 
MC option D) policeman

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 23 Test instance: 190

I was dirty smelly hungry and some somewhere beneath all that, suntanned .It was the end of an Inter-Rail holiday.My body couldn't take any more punishment. My mind couldn't deal with any more foreign timetables, currencies or languages.
" _ ," I said, as I stepped onto home ground.I said exactly the same thing the following year.And the next, all I had to do was buy one train ticket and, because I was under twenty--five years old,I could spend a whole month going anywhere I wanted in Europe. Ordinary beds are never the same once you've learnt to sleep, in the passage of a train, the rhythm rocking you into a deep sleep.
Carrying all your possessions on your back  in a tucksack  makes you have a vefy basic approach to travel,and encourages incredible wastefulness that can lead  to burning socks that have become too anti-social ,and getting rid of books when finished.On the other hand, _ is entirely in the spirit of Inter--Rail,for common sense and reasoning can be thrown out of the window along with the paperback book and the socks.All it takes to achieve this carefree attitude is one of those tickets in your hand.
Any system that enables young people to travef through countries at a rate of more than one a day must be pretty social on that first trip,my friehds mad I were at first unaware of the possibilities of this type of train ticket,thinking it was just an inexpensive way of getting to and from our chosen camp-site in southern France.But the idea of non-stop travel proved too attractive,for there was always just one more country over the border,always that little bit further to go.And what did the extra miles cost us? Nothing.
We were not completely uninterested in culture.But this was a first holiday without parents,as it was for most other Inter-Railers,and in organizing our own timetable  we left out everything except the most available sights.This was the chance to escape the guided tour,an opportunity to do something different.I took great pride in the fact that.in many places,all I could be bothered to see was the view from the station.We were just there to get by,and to have good time doing so.In this we were not different from most of the other Inter-Raiders with whom we shared passage  floors,food and water,money and music.
The excitement of travel comes from the sudden reality of somewhere that was previously just a name.It is as if the city in which you arrive never actually existed until the train pulls in at the station and you are able to see it with your own tired eyes for the first time.

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's friends and he traveled by train through Europe. They stayed in different hotels in different countries. What was the most exciting part of the journey?
Answer: the first time I saw the Eiffel Tower
MC option A) the first time I saw the Eiffel Tower 
MC option B) the first time I saw the Great Wall of China 
MC option C) the first time I saw the Great Wall of Europe 
MC option D) the first time I saw the Great Wall of China

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 24 Test instance: 199

An English saying goes: " _ " That means we should relax after a day's hard work or we'll be unhealthy.
Many students know that if they want to get ideal jobs with good salaries, they must do well in high school so they can enter good universities. Therefore, they spend all day studying without time to relax.
However, not all students can go to top universities even if they work very hard. Students are pressurized by parents and teachers who are just concerned about their studies and exam scores while ignoring their hobbies and individual differences. As a result, students are forces to work harder and harder. Furthermore, there is pressure coming from students themselves. They realize they have a slim chance of getting into a top university as competition is fierce. So, they put a lot of stress on themselves and stay in a nervous state day after day. If they keep it up,   they'll suffer illnesses; both psychological and physical.
What students need is relaxation. This doesn't mean that they should give up their ambitions and stop studying hard. It means "work while you work, play while you play". If you can do this, you will improve your health greatly. You'll feel yourself suddenly fresh, just like recovering from a terrible illness. You'll find that your studies are not a burden  anymore.

Generated quiz:
Question: Students should study hard and play hard.
Answer: yes
MC option A) yes 
MC option B) no 
MC option C) yes 
MC option D) no

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 25 Test instance: 208

Traditionally, women have fallen behind men in adoption of Internet technologies, but a study released yesterday by the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that women under age 65 now get ahead of men in Internet usage, though only by a few percentage points. But the survey also noted that the  _ between women and men on the Web is even greater among the 18-to-29 age group and African Americans.
The report, "How Women and Men Use the Internet", examined use by both sexes, looking at what men and women are doing online as well as their rate of adopting new Web-based technologies.
The report found that 86 percent of women aged 18 to 29 were online, compared with 80 percent of men in the same age group. Among African Americans, 60 percent of women are online, compared with 50 percent of men.
In other age groups, the disparity is only slight, with women outpacing men by 3 percentage points. However, among the older group, those age 65 and older, 34 percent of men are online, compared with 21 percent of women.
Men tend (......) to use the Web for information and entertainment, getting sports scores and stock quotes and downloading music, while women tend to be heavier users of mapping and direction services, and communication services such as e-mail.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a test on a topic. The student is given a choice between two answers. One answer is correct. The student should choose the correct answer.
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) men are heavier users of the Internet than women 
MC option B) women are heavier users of the Internet than men 
MC option C) men use the Internet for information and entertainment 
MC option D) women use the Internet for information and entertainment

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 26 Test instance: 217

A good friend of mine was complaining about her son the other day."Did you notice," she started, "how he didn't wait for me to get my salad before he dove into his?"
True enough, the boy attacked his plate faster than a cat in the wild.Without manners, we're no more than animals.Actually, that's not true.I've been watching and feeding a group of wild cats, and they show unusual politeness toward each other.Even when food is _ , they take turns, leaving at least a small part for the next in line.
My mother educated her three children to have good manners all the time.We were made to feel very uncomfortable as if we were sitting on pins and needles until we got used to saying please, thank you, pardon me, and I'm sorry.And I have to say, while it was a painful learning experience, it was one of the most valuable.
I can't tell you how often I sat with my friends, eating at their dinner tables, and their parents thought highly of my good manners.While it was a little embarrassing, I knew even then that my mother's teachings were paying off.
Many years later, when I was attending seminars across the country, my manners were quite useful.
While I regret that I haven't been a perfect example, I'm still working on it.I suppose, in this regard, my mother lives on through me.I didn't have her beautiful singing voice or her green eyes, but she did make sure I received one of her finest characteristics.

Generated quiz:
Question: If a student is given a piece of candy, and then another student takes a piece of candy, which is the best way to show respect to the other student?
Answer: say "excuse me"
MC option A) say "excuse me" 
MC option B) take the candy back 
MC option C) give the candy to the first student 
MC option D) take the candy and run away

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 27 Test instance: 226

Iceland, an island just south of the Arctic Circle, has fairly mild winters,  thanks to warm ocean currents. Time your vacation here during the winter months to take advantage of off-season deals.
Off-season means good deals on flights, hotels and tours. You may also find that the locals are a bit friendlier and more welcoming when tourists aren't arriving in crowds.
In the winter months, there are less than seven hours of daylight; thus, chances are good you'll catch sight of the northern lights. Sunsets are also beautiful at this time, making for some great photo opportunities.
In Iceland, winter is the perfect time to hike glaciers, go ice climbing, explore caves made out of hardened lava  and much more. One of the most popular activities is off-roading  in a specially-equipped "super jeep".
Before booking your trip, be sure to check for volcano alerts. There are about 130 volcanoes on or around Iceland. Thirty-five of them are active. In 2010, a volcano named Eyjaallajokull exploded, sending clouds of ash up to four kilometers into the atmosphere. The ash drifted toward the UK and Europe. Because the ask could damage aircraft engines, airlines operating in the region were forced to cancel flights for six days. As a result, thousands of people were stuck in airports.
Recently, another volcano named Bardarbunga has become active, erupting ash into the air. Such events, if large enough, could prevent your trip from going ahead. So check the latest volcano news prior to making your reservations.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student plans to travel to Iceland in the winter. Which statement should the student make to best prepare for the trip?
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) The average temperature in Iceland is -5C in January. 
MC option B) The average temperature in Iceland is -15C in January. 
MC option C) The student should pack warm clothes for the trip. 
MC option D) The student should check the volcano news before making reservations.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 28 Test instance: 235

What is your favorite English letter? Many of you may say Q. Why? Because so many of you chat with your friends on QQ. What do you like about QQ? What do you talk about? The CCTV reporter, Miss Wang, interviews three kids. Let's listen to what they say.
When do you chat on QQ? What do you talk about?
Lin yuhan, Xi'an: On weekends. We talk about homework and chat with each other.
Tang Xuting, Shanghai: At weekends and when I don't have much homework. We exchange test answers and chat.
Yang yuhang, Dalian: Our class goes online together at 4:00----6:00pm on weekends. We complain about homework, chat and talk about computer games.
What do you put on your QQ blog ?
Lin: I put good articles I have found online on my blog. I also write articles myself. They are about funny things that have happened in my class.
Tang: I put picture on my blog. Not my own photos, but pictures from my favorite Japanese cartoons like Tennis Prince Conan.
Yang: I put DV films on my blog. I shoot them during sports meetings and school parties. The most popular one is about a dancing teacher,  he is so funny that everyone watches it.
How do you like QQ?
Lin: It's a good space for us to make a record of our lives of both good times and sad times.
Tang: My friends and I may not have time to chat at school. But we can do it on QQ. It's very helpful to our friendships.
Yang: If you chat with friends on the telephone, your parents sometimes listen to your conversation. There's no such problem with QQ. You can relax and talk freely.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the best way to make a record of your life?
Answer: write a diary
MC option A) write a diary 
MC option B) take photos 
MC option C) make a film 
MC option D) chat with your friends on QQ

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 29 Test instance: 244

Wang Lu, 24, one of many students studying abroad who'll come home for work, majors in business & management studies at Edinburgh's Napier University. She had planned what to do after graduation in the UK: two years' work experience at a restaurant and a tour around Europe. But now her plans are up in the air.
         Following the UK Home Secretary's meeting on reform of the student immigration system, the UK government recently announced the end of the post-study work visa from April 2012. This will force tens of thousands of Chinese students to leave the UK after graduation.
         Sadly, the domestic job market doesn't welcome them with open arms. A report by Tigtag.com at the end of 2011 showed that over 35 percent of students admitted that they have employment problems.
         "Returning students often have fluent English, creative minds and a serious attitude toward work," said Zhang Tingwen, an HR expert in ChinaHR.com. "But lack of work experience is a big problem." Xia Lei, an HR manager, responded to Zhang. "We need people who can work for us. We don't need people from big name universities to attract customers".
         Difference in work practices is another problem that worries employers, Zhang pointed out. "Some returning students might be used to Western ways of dealing with people and things."
         Huang Shanshan, 25, got a job in a communication company in Shenzhen.   "I once worked part-time in UK. My colleagues ate snacks when they felt hungry, even during working time or in meetings." Huang brought some cakes to the office and ate them. When her manager saw that, he told her not to eat at workplace. "It took me some time to adjust to company rules in China," said Huang.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is working in a restaurant. The student is hungry. The waiter asks the waitress to get something to eat. The waitress gives the waiter a piece of cake. The waiter tells the waitress that it is not allowed to eat in the restaurant. The waitress tells the waiter that she is hungry. What does the waitress mean by saying that?
Answer: the food is good but the service is slow
MC option A) the food is good but the service is slow 
MC option B) the food is bad but the service is fast 
MC option C) the food is slow but the service is good 
MC option D) the food is fast but the service is bad

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 30 Test instance: 253

Golf in the USA was until quite recently the hobby of old,middle class white men.Not any more.The fact that the class,age and race barriers that existed in the sport have finally been  broken down is due almost entirely to two people.Tiger Woods and Michelle Wie.
Tiger Woods was born in California in 1975 and is one of the greatest golfers of all time.His ethnic background is marvelously rich and varied.His father Earl was of mixed of black,Chinese and Native American ancestry and his mother Kultida,who was originally from Thailand,also had Chinese and Dutch forefathers.
Woods became a professional golfer in 1996 and,less than a year later,astonished the world easily winning the prestigious Masters Colf Tournament,an annual event which takes place at the Augusta Golf Club in Georgia,USA.At 21,he was the youngest golfer ever to win the tournament,but much more important,he was also the first Asian American to do it.
Woods'amazing achievement is put into perspective when you realize that until 1990,no non-white American had ever been allowed to join Augusta Golf Club.Even in 2000,it only had two black members.In fact,in 1977,Clifford Roberts,the chairman of the club and founder of the Masters Tournament,proclaimed:"As long as 1 am alive,golfers will be white and caddies
 will be black."Roberts died not long after making this racist remark...
Fortunately,his views were not shared by his successors and the dramatic appearance of Tiger Woods on the Golf scene radically changed attitudes to the sport and prompted a major surge of interest in the game among ethnic minorities end young people in the USA.
Michelle Wie,a Korean American born in 1989 whose mother was an amateur golf champion in Korea,will probably became the greatest woman golfer of all time.She's 1.85 meters tall and she can play a golf ball further than most men.Like Woods,she has transformed the world of golf,and wants to do so in even more dramatic ways.She has expressed her determination to play on the men's tournament circuit,not just the women's,and has already appeared in several professional men's tournaments.
Thanks to Woods and Wie,golf in America will never be the same again.

Generated quiz:
Question: Tiger Woods is the first Asian American to win the Masters Tournament. What is the most likely reason for this?
Answer: the ball is going faster
MC option A) the ball is going faster 
MC option B) the wind is blowing harder 
MC option C) the ball is hitting the ground harder 
MC option D) the ball is hitting the sand

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 31 Test instance: 262

"I would almost rather see you dead," Robert S. Cassatt, a leading banker of Philadelphia, shouted when his twenty-year-old eldest daughter announced that she wanted to become an artist. In the 19th century, playing at drawing or painting on dishes was all right for a young lady, but serious work in art was not. And when the young lady's family ranked  among the best of Philadelphia's social families, such an idea could not even be considered.
That was how Mary Cassatt, born in 1844, began her struggle as an artist. She did not tremble before her father's anger. Instead, she opposed him with courage and at last made him change his mind. Mary Cassatt gave up her social position and all thought of a husband and a family, which in those times was unthinkable for a young lady. In the end, after long years of hard work and perseverance , she became America's most important woman artist and the internationally recognized leading woman painter of the time.

Generated quiz:
Question: Mary Cassatt was a painter who lived in Philadelphia in the 19th century. Her father was a banker and she wanted to be an artist. Her father was angry when she told him she wanted to be an artist. What did Mary Cassatt do to show her father that she was serious about becoming an artist?
Answer: she sold her jewelry
MC option A) she sold her jewelry 
MC option B) she quit her job 
MC option C) she moved out of the family home 
MC option D) she quit school

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 32 Test instance: 271

Discover
Newsmagazine of science devoted to the wonders and stories of modern science, written for the educated general reader. Published   by Disney Magazine Publishing Co., Discover tells many of the same stories professionals   read in Scientific American. A truly delightful family science magazine, each issue   brings to light new and newsworthy topics to make dinnertime and water-cooler conversations interesting.
Cover Price: $59.88
Price: $19.95 ($1.66/issue)
You Save: $39.93 (67%)
Issues: 12 issues/12 months
Self
Published by Conde Nast Publications Inc., Self is a handbook devoted to women's overall physical   and mental   health. Every issue contains usable articles   such as "Style Lab", in which wearable clothes are mixed and matched   on non-models and the "Eat-right Road Map", with tips on how to eat properly.
Cover Price: $35.86
Price: $15.00 ($2.5/issue)
You Save: $20.86 (58%)
Issues: 6 issues/12 months
InStyle
InStyle is a guide   to the lives and lifestyles   of the world's famous people. The magazine covers the choices people make about their homes, their clothes and their free time activities. With photos and articles, it opens the door to these people's homes, families, parties and weddings, offering ideas about beauty, fitness and in general, lifestyles. Publisher: The Time Inc. Magazine Company.
Cover Price: $47.88
Price: $23.88 ($2.38/issue)
You Save: $24.00 (50%)
Issues: 10 issues/12 months
Wired
This magazine is designed for leaders in the field of information engineering including top managers and professionals in the computer, business, design and education industries. Published by Conde Nast Publications Inc., Wired often carries articles on how technology changes people's lives.
Cover Price: $59.40
Price: $10.00 ($1.00/issue)
You Save: $49.40 (83%)
Issues: 10 issues/12 months

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is interested in science and technology, and wants to subscribe to a magazine that covers these topics. Which magazine would be the best choice for the student?
Answer: science
MC option A) business 
MC option B) science 
MC option C) fashion 
MC option D) health

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 33 Test instance: 280

London Heathrow is the biggest airport in the UK, and it also handles more international passenger traffic than any other airport in the world. For this reason, enlargement was planned and on 27th March a fifth terminal opened to help to deal with the many passengers that pass through the airport. The new terminal has taken a long time to plan and build. The idea was first proposed back in the 1980s. The opening of it has been talked about widely in the media in the UK and expectations were high for the PS4.3 billion project.
   However, in spite of long preparations at Terminal 5 ahead of the grand opening, things soon went into a mess. There were problems from the very beginning as staff had difficulties finding car parking spaces and getting through security to get into the building. This consequently caused a delay when passengers started to arrive and large numbers of staff were not in place. Long passenger queues formed and the slow start meant that everyone had to play catch-up from the beginning. Staffs were having problems using the new systems and a baggage operator told the BBC, it was all "shambles   the moment the doors opened". The terminal has been designed to handle 12,000 bags an hour but due to a reported "lack of training and essential support that was promised", a backlog   of luggage soon appeared.
   By lunchtime on that first day, 20 flights had been cancelled to try to alleviate the problems. Flights continued to be cancelled in the days following the opening and up to 28,000 bags have now had to be placed in temporary storage. The British Airline, the only airline operating at Terminal 5 says it is working to clear the backlog, but the negative publicity caused by the shambles has not helped the airport or the airline's reputation at all.

Generated quiz:
Question: A new terminal opened at Heathrow Airport in March. Many flights were cancelled on the first day. What was the main reason for the cancellations?
Answer: the new terminal was not ready
MC option A) the new terminal was not ready 
MC option B) the new terminal was not big enough 
MC option C) the new terminal was too small 
MC option D) the new terminal was too big

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 34 Test instance: 289

Have you heard of the scandal that happened in one of Great Britain's biggest supermarket chains called Tesco? The British love Tesco as it sells very cheap products and it can be found on almost every corner of a British city or town.
On January 15th 2013 food inspectors discovered 30 % horsemeat in a certain brand of frozen beefburgers that were mostly sold by Tesco in the UK and Ireland.
In times of social media like Facebook and Twitter the news has spread fast and customers have been very concerned about what the food they buy actually contains. Tesco said it had taken away the burgers from the shop shelves immediately, and apologized to their customers. They also promised that they would find out what exactly happened and that they would work harder than ever so this would never happen again. Customers are also able to return the beefburgers and get a refund, that is, their money back.
However, it will be hard for Tesco to get the people's trust back. Just imagine buying lovely beefburgers that you fry at home and suddenly you find out that you have actually eaten horsemeat! In this case not only horse lovers will be upset!
By the way, why are British people so shocked about eating horsemeat? In history, horses have played great roles as working animals and as an important means of transport. When Britons of today think of horses, they think of majestic animals or cute pets rather than meat.
But this is not the only reason for the protest: Customers also want to be sure that the products they buy contain what it says on the label. Hopefully, supermarkets can avoid mistakes like that in the future. Maybe there should be stricter regulations and more controls of our food? Otherwise we will soon find ourselves eating panda meat instead of pork and parrot instead of chicken. So the next time you are in a supermarket maybe check the ingredients of your food before you buy it or you could get a nasty surprise ...

Generated quiz:
Question: If a food contains more than ten percent of an ingredient, the food is most likely to be _.
Answer: a mixture
MC option A) a mixture 
MC option B) a compound 
MC option C) a substance 
MC option D) a compound substance

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 35 Test instance: 298

Some diaries from Jackie Chan's blog
January 4, 2009
Lately I've been busy in Beijing having meetings to discuss my new movie. I also attended John Wu's ceremony of his new movie,Red Cliff,which took two years to complete. I'm good friends with the director John Wu and the main actor Tony Leung.
January 5, 2009
Today I went to record a television program for Beijing TV calledVolunteers Across China. This TV program is a large-scale reality show that is based on the idea that "good people reap good rewards" and it hopes to encourage people to be more aware and help the "good people" who are in difficult situations.
January 6, 2009
I'm very pleased to _ that my Jackie Chan automobile website is set up and officially operating! I hope that through this automotive website, I can get in touch with more people who want to buy cars.
January 7, 2009
Today, I went to record a song calledZhongguo Nian. This song was written by Chang Shilei. I sing this song together with Tan Jing. Chang Shilei is a naturally talented musician. He also has an interesting habit. His piano is placed next to his bed. When he wakes up, he plays the piano until he's tired, and then he lies down on his bed to sleep.
January 9, 2009
Today I met with the producer and director ofLongwei Xiaozi ,and I also brought along my friend's daughter for a screen test. Although my friend's daughter grew up in China, her English is very good and it just happened by chance that this movie needs a young actress for a part, so I took her along to audition .

Generated quiz:
Question: Jackie Chan is a famous actor in China. He has acted in many movies. He is also a good friend of Tony Leung. What is Tony Leung's job?
Answer: actor
MC option A) director 
MC option B) producer 
MC option C) actor 
MC option D) singer

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 36 Test instance: 307

Farmer John and Farmer Bob were neighbors. For more than 30 years, they had been getting along very well.
Then their good relationship broke. It began with a small thing, then bitter words, and then weeks of silence. One morning Farmer John woke up to find a stream between the two farms. "It must be Bob," John thought.
Then one day there was a knock on John's door. He opened it to find a carpenter  standing at the doorway.
"I'm looking for a few days' work," the carpenter said.
"I do have a job for you," John said. "Look across the stream at that farm. That's my neighbor Bob. He dug a stream between the two farms. I want you to build a fence--an 8-foot fence. I don't want to see his place or his face any more. I don't have such a neighbor!"
The carpenter said, "I think I know what to do, sir, and I'll be able to do a job that pleases you."
Farmer John helped the carpenter get the materials ready and then he was off for the day.
About sunset when the farmer returned, the carpenter had just finished his job. The farmer's eyes opened wide. There was no fence there at all!
It was a bridge! And the neighbor, Bob, was coming across, with his hand outstretched . "Hi, John! _ 
Then they met in the middle, taking each other's hands. "I'm terribly sorry for what I have said and done. We should be good to each other," said Farmer Bob.
Then they turned to see the carpenter, who was ready to go. "No, wait! Stay a few days. I have a lot of other jobs for you," said Farmer John. "I'd love to stay," the carpenter said, "but I have more bridges to build."

Generated quiz:
Question: John and Bob were neighbors. One day, John found a stream between the two farms. Bob dug the stream. John blamed Bob for the stream. What did Bob do to make John angry?
Answer: he dug a stream between their farms
MC option A) he dug a stream between their farms 
MC option B) he built a bridge across the stream 
MC option C) he destroyed John's crops 
MC option D) he destroyed John's house

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 37 Test instance: 316

Are you a big fan of pirate  stories? Do you know how to talk like a pirate? You can have fun on September 19th. This special holiday is called International Talk Like A Pirate Day. It was invented in 1995 by two young Americans, John Baur and Mark Summers.
These two good friends came up with this idea when they were playing racquetball, and began to talk like pirates. At that moment, they thought, "Young people are interested in pirate, but there is no such a chance for people to get together to share it. Why not have a day when everybody talks like a pirate?" They decided to make September 19th the date. Since then, Baur and Summers have tried hard to promote Talk Like A Pirate Day. As Baur said, "We've talked like pirates, and encouraged several of our friends to do so every September 19th."
At first, this day was only known by a few people. In 2002, Baur and Summers sent a letter about their invented holiday to Dave Barry. This columnist really liked their idea. He promoted the holiday and made it known to more and more people. Now, it has really become an international holiday. On Talk Like A Pirate Day, you need to dress like a pirate. You should wear a big hat or maybe cover one of your eyes. You can pretend to be any kind of pirate that you can find in any story or movie.
Having fun and being relaxed are not the only best things about the holiday. Young people share the same interest and childhood dreams that day. That's why it is welcomed by so many people, especially young people.
Unlike traditional holidays, International Talk Like A Pirate Day is a brand new holiday which is invented by the youth themselves and celebrated by themselves too. Because of Baur and Summers' imagination and creativity, thousands of young people's pirate dream come true. Next time, when you have a good idea, why not share it with your fiends and insist on your belief? Maybe you can create another wonderful holiday for the youth in the future.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the main idea of International Talk Like a Pirate Day?
Answer: to have fun
MC option A) to have fun 
MC option B) to make money 
MC option C) to have a good time 
MC option D) to share childhood dreams

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 38 Test instance: 325

City Varieties
The Headrow, Leeds. Tel. 430808
Oct 10-11 only A Night at the Varieties.All the fun of an old music hall with Barry Cryer, Duggle Brown, 6 dancers, Mystina, Jon Barker, Anne Dural and the Tony Harrison Trio. Laugh again at the old jokes and listen to your favourite songs.
Performances: 8 pm nightly.
Admission: L5; under 16 or over 60: L4.
York Theatre Royal
prefix = st1 /St Leonard's Place, York. Tel. 223568
Sept 23- Oct 17 Groping for Words-- a comedy by Sue Townsend. Best known for her Adrian Mole Diaries, Townsend now writes about an evening class, which two men and a woman attend. A gentle comedy.
Admission: First night, Mon: L2; Tues- Fri: L3.25 - 5.50; Sat: L3.50 - 5.75.
Halifax Playhouse
King's Cross Street, Halifax. Tel. 365998
Oct 10-17 On Golden Pondby Ernest Thompson. This is a magical comedy about real people. A beautifully produced, well-acted play for everyone. Don't miss it.
Performances: 7:30 pm.
Admission: L2. Mon: 2 seats for the price of one.
Grand Theatre
Oxford Street, Leeds. Tel. 502116
Restaurant and Cafe   
Oct 1-17 The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13. Sue Townsend's musical play, based on her best-selling book.
Performances: Evenings 7:45. October 10-17, at 2:30 pm. No Monday performances.
Admission: Tues-Thurs: L2- 5; Fri & Sat: L2- 6.

Generated quiz:
Question: Which of the following plays is based on a true story?
Answer: annie
MC option A) annie 
MC option B) the secret diary of adrian mole 
MC option C) on golden pond 
MC option D) groping for words

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 39 Test instance: 334

There are 132 rooms, 32 bathrooms, and 6 floors to accommodate all the people who live in, work in, and visit the White House. There are also 412 doors, 147 windows, 28 fireplaces, 7 staircases, and 3 lifts.
At various times in history, the White House has been known as the "President's Palace", the "President's House", and the "Executive Mansion". President Theodore Roosevelt officially gave the White House its current name in 1901.
The White House receives approximately 6,000 visitors a day.
With five full-time chefs, the White House kitchen is able to serve as many as 140 guests and hors d'oeuvres   to more than 1,000 people.
The White House requires 570 gallons of paint to cover its outside surface.
For recreation, the White House has a variety of facilities available to people who live in, including a tennis court, a jogging track, a swimming pool, a movie theater and a bowling lane.
The first US President to live in the White House was John Adams. Adams and his family moved to the White House in 1800, when the decoration of the building was not finished. And it was not until during Thomas Jefferson's term (1801-1809) that the decoration was finally completed.
President John Tyler (1841-1845) was the first president to have his photo taken. President Theodore Roosevelt (1901-1909) was not only the first president to ride in an automobile, but also the first president to travel outside the country when he visited Panama  . President Franklin Roosevelt (1933-1945) was the first president to ride in an airplane.

Generated quiz:
Question: Which president was the first to use a telephone?
Answer: tyler
MC option A) adams 
MC option B) jefferson 
MC option C) tyler 
MC option D) reagan

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 40 Test instance: 343

Many adults in the United States can remember crying the nursery rhyme in the street "Hot cross buns!" But only a few people realize this was an early form of advertising.
Written advertisements probably began with hieroglyphics more than three thousand years ago, but only a few people could read these symbols. So merchants made signs with pictures or hung their tools over their doors to identify their businesses.
In the time of the Roman Empire, wall paintings were a popular form of advertisement. An ad for a play, or some other performance was painted on part of a building or on a wall around a city. People often advertised a house for rent or a freshwater bath in this way, too.
Today, large wall signs are still used for outdoor advertising. But outdoor advertising is only a small fraction of the total advertising. About forty per -cent of all ads are printed in daily newspapers. Radio commercials also provide this kind of information. Some people think they are the best form of advertising because radio broadcasts reach almost everyone in a nation.
Advertisements in magazines and on television reach many people, too. However, usually only large companies can advertise on a national network, because TV commercials shown across the country can cost many thousands of dollars.
Then there are ads that are almost part of daily living. If you use public transportation, you will see large printed ads, called ear cards, on buses and taxis and in trains. Ads are painted on the trucks that deliver products people are buying or selling.

Generated quiz:
Question: A company that makes cars advertises on buses. How many people does this advertisement reach?
Answer: a million
MC option A) a million 
MC option B) a thousand 
MC option C) ten thousand 
MC option D) five thousand

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 41 Test instance: 352

Facebook users may feel socially successful in the web world but they are more likely to perform poorly in exams. The majority of students who use Facebook every day are doing badly compared with those who don't. About 83% of British 16 to 24-year-old people are using social networking site such as Facebook and MySpace, to keep in touch with friends and organize their social activities.
"Our study shows people who spend more time on Facebook spend less time studying," said Aryn Karpinski, a researcher. "Every generation has its distractions , but I think Facebook is a unique phenomenon." Karpinski and a colleague questioned 219 US undergraduates and graduates about their study and general Internet use, as well as their specific use of Facebook. They found 65% of Facebook users accessed their account daily, checking it several times to see if they had received new messages. The amount of time spent on Facebook at each log-in  varied from just a few minutes to more than an hour.
Some UK students have already realized the potential danger. Daisy Jones, 21, an undergraduate, realized the time she was spending on Facebook was threatening her grades, urging her to deactivate  her account, "I was in the library and tried to write a 2,000-word essay when I realized my Facebook habit had got out of hand," she said. "I couldn't resist going online, when thinking about it. Before you know it , a couple of minutes have turned into a couple of hours and you haven't written a word."
Jones is among the few to have realized the risks. 79% of the users, however, believed the time they spent on the site had no impact on their work. The CEO of Facebook said, "There is also academic research that shows the benefits of services like Facebook. It's in the hands of students to decide how to spend their time."

Generated quiz:
Question: Students who use Facebook are more likely to _.
Answer: spend time on it
MC option A) spend time on it 
MC option B) use it to study 
MC option C) spend time on it 
MC option D) use it to communicate

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 42 Test instance: 361

Be Healthy! Be Slim! Be Beautiful!
Discover the secret for a Healthy, Slim, Beautiful You!
Discover how to be Healthy, Slim and Beautiful!
I love this healthy diet program because it helps you lose weight, lose inches, feel healthy and look beautiful. This healthy diet is an 8-week program which is unlike other diet regimes because it focuses on proper nutritional first and weight loss second. Your body must have proper levels of minerals, vitamins, and protein in order to work well. It provides a simply lifestyle change to give you more energy and improve your health most greatly. It offers control over stomach and continuing hunger with a calorie dense diet allowing 1,700 to 2,000 calories a day. If a person has a weight problem their body probably is not working at proper levels of basic nutrients. We invite you to follow this program so you can be the slim person who lives inside you. You too, can love dieting, especially if you are losing weight and losing inches! Do you want to feel better?
To get started being slim, just Click Here.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a list of foods that are high in calories. The student is told to choose three foods from the list. Which food is least likely to be high in calories?
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) apple 
MC option B) hamburger 
MC option C) potato 
MC option D) peach

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 43 Test instance: 370

A jobless man applied for the position of "office boy" at Microsoft. The HR manager interviewed him and then watched him cleaning the floor as a test.
"You are employed," he said. "Give me your e-mail address and I'll send you the application to fill in, as well as date when you may start. "
The man replied, "But I don't have a computer, neither an e-mail. "
"I'm sorry," said the HR manager. "If you don't have an e-mail, that means you do not exist. And who doesn't exist cannot have the job. "
The man left with no hope at all. He didn't know what to do, with only ten dollars in his pocket. He then decided to go to the supermarket and buy 10kg tomatoes. He then sold the tomatoes from door to door. In less than two hours, he succeeded to double his capital. He repeated the operation three times, and returned home happily with 60 dollars.
The man realized that he can survive in this way, and started to go every day earlier, and return late. Thus, his money doubled or _ every day. Shortly, he bought a cart, then a truck, and then he had his own fleet of delivery vehicles. Five years later, the man is one of the biggest food retailers in the US.
He started to plan his family's future and decided to have a life insurance. He called an insurance broker and chose a protection plan.
When the conversation was concluded the broker asked him his e-mail. The man replied, "I don't have an e-mail. "
The broker answered curiously, "You don't have an e-mail, and yet have succeeded to build an empire. Can you imagine what you could have been if you had an e-mail?" The man thought for a while and replied, "Yes, I'd be an office boy at Microsoft!"

Generated quiz:
Question: If a person wants to apply for a job at Microsoft, he must have an e-mail address.
Answer: e-mail address
MC option A) e-mail address 
MC option B) a computer 
MC option C) a telephone 
MC option D) a life insurance

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 44 Test instance: 379

One warm September night, Mira had come down to the beach to enjoy the night air. She closed her eyes and listened to the waves. Suddenly, she could hear another sound, so she opened her eyes and looked down at the sand. It was moving! All of a sudden she could see a tiny head coming out. Then a turtle  appeared! One by one they struggled out of their underground nests. Mira looked in surprise at the baby turtles.
Mira knew the turtles should head towards the waves and swim away, so she was puzzled when they began to pull themselves towards the dunes . Suddenly, she remembered something her grandmother had told her.
"Sea turtles bury their eggs on the beach every year in April and in September. Those baby turtles hatch  and head back down to the sea. But some of them never make it. Sometimes they die going across the dunes, trying to find those bright lights on the houses. Every day there are more houses being built on the dunes. That means more and more lights to confuse the sea turtles."
Mira looked out across the dunes at her house. Mira saw her mother and father, sitting on the porch . She could see them because her house had two bright lights that lit up the porch.
Mira began to run to her house and shouted, "The turtles are hatching! We have to help the turtles!" With these words, Mira ran into the house and turned off the bright porch lights.
In a rush she was off running down the dunes with her whole family following her. They reached the beach just in time to see the tiny turtles slipping silently into the waves. Mira watched as the last turtle entered the water. As the turtle swam away, it looked back at Mira. In the moonlight, Mira thought she saw it smile.

Generated quiz:
Question: What did the turtles need most from Mira and her family?
Answer: they needed the lights off
MC option A) they needed the lights off 
MC option B) they needed to be fed 
MC option C) they needed to be held 
MC option D) they needed to be buried again

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 45 Test instance: 388

Life is too short to waste a moment, so while you still have time, let your hair down, remove that "boring" tag in your so-called life and start making it worthwhile. Below are some tips that will help you live a wonderful life.
1. Keep a Positive Attitude. Enjoy what you have and work on getting the things you desire. Psychologists believe that optimism   is a good defense against unhappiness, so it is better to keep your optimism alive. Feeling sad about your life will only make you sadder, so be happy.
2. Don't Be Afraid to Take Risks. Life is all about taking risks, and that's the exciting part of it. Challenges and failure are part of life. Once you learn how to take risks, you'll soon realize how good it feels not to let moments pass you by.
3. You only have one life, so make it worthwhile. Being unwilling to let the past go just keeps you away from the things you should be enjoying at the present.
4. List the Things You Want to Do. Stop lazing around and give yourself something to be busy with. Write down a list of all the things you want to do and make a timeline, not to stress you out, but to remind you of your goals. So don't put limits to yourself because you'll never know what may happen.
5. Try Out Something New. Getting into something or trying something unfamiliar to you may seem scary, but nothing can make you feel happier than being able to overcome your fear. Who knows? You might enjoy it! The world is a big place and there are still lots of things waiting to be explored by you. Go to a foreign place where you know no one.

Generated quiz:
Question: If you want to make your life more interesting, you should _.
Answer: try something new
MC option A) try something new 
MC option B) make a list of things you want to do 
MC option C) let the past go 
MC option D) make a timeline

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 46 Test instance: 397

I was at a busy traffic crossing waiting to cross to the other side. There was a family--a man, his wife and an old lady, waiting to cross with me.
Then, the light turned green and all of us walked quickly across the road. The light lasted very short, and changed into red in no time. I noticed that both the man and his wife had crossed along with me and the old lady was left behind. I quickly realized what happened.
When the light turned dreen again, I ran over to the other side, offered the old lady my right hand and we quickly walked together to the other side of the road. I used my left hand to stop any oncoming   traffic so that even if the crossing signal turned red, we cuold make it to the other side safely. In the meantime, both the man and his wife realized that they had left the old woman behind and they ran back.. The old lady was in tears and told me, "Young man, you are more caring   than my son," and then gave me a warm handshake  . The man and woman were sorry about what happened and also thanked me. Before leaving, the old lady gave me a big smile, which I have cherished   even to this day. She kept waving and waving until we couldn't see each other any more.

Generated quiz:
Question: A man and his wife were crossing the street when the light turned red. The man called his wife and told her that he had left her behind. What did the woman say to the man?
Answer: she loved him
MC option A) she loved him 
MC option B) she hated him 
MC option C) she didn't know him 
MC option D) she didn't like him

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 47 Test instance: 406

When looking for love, people may go to some extreme lengths. They might go on blind dates set up by family and friends. They might write personal ad to place in newspapers. Or they might use a computer to help them in their search for a soul mate by joining an online dating service. Some people have even tried to find their perfect match through game shows on television. Many of these TV dating shows, including The Bachelor andWho Wants to Marry Multimillionaire?, have proved to be popular, with millions of viewers watching each week to find out which of the contestants  will find true love.
Of all these game shows, perhaps the one with the most unexpected ending was Mr. Right, which was shown in England in 2002. On the show, a bachelor, thirty-five-year-old Lance Gerrard-Wright, dated fifteen women to find the one who was his ideal partner. The host of the show was Ulrika Jonsson, an English celebrity   originally from Sweden. For seven weeks on the show, Lance took turns going on dates with each of the women, taking them to expensive restaurants and romantic locations. He even met the women's families and introduced them to his own. Then at the end of each episode , he would choose between one and three of the contestants with whom he had felt the least compatible , and say goodbye to them.
At one point during the series, one contestant volunteered to leave because she said she didn't find him attractive. After two dates she said she had had enough, and she couldn't see it working, "He wasn't my cup of tea." In another episode the woman he was on a date with burst into tears when he called her by another girl's name. "You called me by another girl's name. I can't believe you did that. I really liked you," she said in tears.
But in the final episode, the woman he eventually chose decided she didn't want to marry him after all. "I think you've chosen me because you have to choose someone," she said. Maybe this was because she already knew he had fallen in love with the show's host!
After leaving the show, Gerrard-Wright and Jonsson were seen dining together and attending parties around London more and more often. Finally, on May 1, 2003, Gerrard-Wright proposed to Jonsson on the steps of St. Paul's Cathedral. And she accepted his proposal right away, although she had to make sure that her two children from previous relationships--an eight-year-old son, Cameron, and a two-year-old daughter, Bo. agreed to the marriage. Luckily, they did. Gerrard-Wright said, "In the end the show did work for me. I grabbed an opportunity to get a girlfriend and I did. Ulrika's amazing"
The happy couple finally got married at Jonsson's home in Sweden on the island of Varmdo. They wanted to keep the ceremony small, so only forty people were invited, including family and friends. There was some gossip at the time that Jonsson's friends who did not receive invitations to the wedding felt upset. But the bride and groom did not let that ruin their wedding day.
Has Ulrika Jonsson finally found Mr. Right? Only time will tell. But none of the guests at the wedding could deny the happiness in the couple's eyes as the bride and groom left the wedding ceremony with the music of Stevie Wonder playing in the background, "Seen a lot of things in this old world. When I touched them, they did nothing, girl. Ooh baby, here I am, signed, sealed, delivered, I'm yours."

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer of the passage is a student. She is interested in learning about the history of the United States. She wants to know more about the country's culture and history. What would be the best way to find out more about the history of the United States?
Answer: reading
MC option A) reading 
MC option B) listening 
MC option C) watching 
MC option D) touching

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 48 Test instance: 415

A 13-year-old American boy on Saturday became the youngest climber to conquer Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
Jordan Romero from Big Bear, California, climbed up the 8,850-meter summit   from the Tibetan side. On the same day, a Nepali   man, Apa Sherpa, broke his own world record of climbing Everest when he reached the summit for the twentieth time. Apa Shepa's team set off from Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, last month, heading for the base camp on the Chinese side of the mountain.
"The team has just called in and believe that they are standing on top of Mt. Everest," Romero's blog said. "Their dreams have now come true. Everyone is happy."
The climbing has put Romero one step closer to reaching his goal of climbing the highest mountains on all seven continents  . "It is just a goal." Romero said. He had already climbed five peaks  , and needs to climb only Vinson Massif, the highest peak in Antarctica, to hit his goal.
The youngest person before to climb Everest was 16-year-old Temba Tsheri Sherpa of Nepal. Romero climbed together with a team including his father Paul and three local guides. He wanted to pick a small piece of rock from the top of the world and wear it in a necklace. While Nepal insists that anyone planning to climb Mount Everest must be at least 16, China does not have any age restrictions  . Some mountain climbers haven't agreed with the Romero family for letting him try it but his father said the climbing from the Chinese side is less dangerous.

Generated quiz:
Question: A mountain climber named Jordan Romero climbed Mount Everest at the age of 13. He was the youngest person to climb the mountain. What was the main reason for his climbing?
Answer: to see the world
MC option A) to see the world 
MC option B) to make money 
MC option C) to climb the highest mountain 
MC option D) to make his father proud

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 49 Test instance: 424

Vampires  , creatures of myth, have been around in one form or another for centuries. Terrifying but also attractive, they are as popular in the early 21st century as ever, as the current popularity of Twilight series, and its hero Edward Cullen, show. Vampires first appeared in fiction in the 1700s; in 1895 Irish novelist Bram Stoker published Dracula, introducing the world's most famous vampire.
But just what is it about these drinkers of human blood that continues to fascinate us? Speaking to Eric Lewis of the Times and Transcript website, academic Deborah Wells said that vampires are "culturally adaptive ". "We create very different vampires to fit different times. Edward Cullen is not the same as Count Dracula," she said.
Different as they are, Wells believes vampires are "the perfect containers into which we can pour our current cultural anxieties". Bram Stoker's Dracula is powerful, yet old and physically ugly. Stoker's book dealt with fear of the fall of the British Empire, real fears in the day in which it was written.
According to the website Bookpages, today's vampires have all our cultural desires, money, power and sexual attraction. Represented by Cullen, they are noble, handsome young men whom women find irresistible . What's more, vampires challenge traditional ideas about death, science and parental authority . This may be why teenagers are drawn to vampire tales.
"In many ways, the vampire story shows up teenage concerns," said Wells. "The emotional intensity   of the relationship with the vampire matches the intensity of how it feels to have your first real love affairs. Your first real love, it really feels like life and death."

Generated quiz:
Question: Vampires have been a part of fiction for centuries. What is the most recent vampire story that has been published?
Answer: the twilight saga
MC option A) the twilight saga 
MC option B) Dracula 
MC option C) Frankenstein 
MC option D) The Sun Also Rises

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 50 Test instance: 433

If you're a man and you're reading this, congratulations: you're a survivor. According to statistics, you're more than twice as likely to die of skin cancer than a woman, and nine times more likely to die of AIDS. Even if you make it to the end of your natural term, about 78 years for men in Australia, you'll die on average five years before a woman.
  There're many reasons for this--typically, men take more risks than women and are more likely to drink and smoke--but perhaps more importantly, men don't go to the doctor.
  "Men aren't seeing doctors as often as they should," says Dr. Gullotta. "This is particularly so for the over-40s, when chances of diseases are higher ."
  Gullotta says a healthy man should visit the doctor every year or two. For those over 45, it should be at least once a year.
  Two months ago Gullotta saw a 50-year-old man who had delayed doing anything about his smoker's cough for a year.
  "When I finally saw him it had already spread and he later died from lung cancer," he says. "Earlier detection and treatment may not have cured him, but it would have prolonged   his life."
  According to a recent survey, 95% of women aged between 15 and early 40s see a doctor once a year, compared to 70% of men in the same age group.
  "A lot of men think they're invincible  ," Gullotta says. "They only come in when a friend drops dead on the golf course and they think, 'Geez, if it could happen to him, ...'"
  Then there's the ostrich approach. "Some men are scared of what might be there and would rather not know," says Dr, Ross Cartmill.
  "Most men get their cars serviced more often than they service their bodies," Cartmill says. He believes most diseases that commonly affect men could be found by regular check-ups.
Regular check-ups for men would put strain   on the public purse, Cartmill says. "But prevention is cheaper in the long run than having to treat the diseases. Besides, the final cost is far greater; it's called premature  death."

Generated quiz:
Question: A man with AIDS is more likely to die than a man with skin cancer. What is the main reason for this difference?
Answer: men die younger than women
MC option A) men die younger than women 
MC option B) women live longer than men 
MC option C) men have more children than women 
MC option D) women have more money than men

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 51 Test instance: 442

Ban Fur? Then Why Not Leather?
Much to the displeasure of some local businesses, the City Council in West Hollywood, California, voted without opposition last week to ban the sale of fur products. Should laws be involved in this issue? Is it unfair to ban sales of fur, but not sales of leather and hides  ?
Animals Do Not Have Rights
By Tibor R. Machan
My view is that animals do not have basic rights. It is a matter of ethics   and not of the laws of human societies. If animals had such rights as human beings do, they would have to be held responsible for killing fellow animals in the wild. That way of thinking about animals makes a category mistake. Using animals, including their fur or organs, to improve people's lives is acceptable.
A Small Step Against Cruelty
By Kate Carter
Both fur and leather are the skins of dead animals. Why should we think that the lovable furry ones deserve more of a life than the less pleasing ones? Some say leather is  less cruel because it's a byproduct   of the meat industry. But this isn't really true. Some cheap leather may be a byproduct of the meat industry, but often it's the other way round. In South Africa, where there is a developing market for ostrich farms, the skins account for roughly 80 percent of the slaughtered  birds' value, a mere 20 percent of which comes from the meat.
"Who" Are You Wearing?
By Marc Bekoff
West Hollywood's ban is a move in the right direction. However, we must work to ban the sales of leather and hides, too. Furs come from animals who are attacked to become clothing, while some leather and hides come from slaughterhouse  animals. We must remember that when people choose to wear fur, leather and hides, they are wearing formering conscious beings. So it's a matter of who they are wearing, not what they are wearing because these animals must be referred to as who and not what or that.

Generated quiz:
Question: If a city bans the sale of fur, but not leather, what is the most likely reason given?
Answer: fur comes from animals that were killed
MC option A) fur comes from animals that were killed 
MC option B) leather is a byproduct of the meat industry 
MC option C) leather is a renewable resource 
MC option D) leather is a renewable resource

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 52 Test instance: 451

Hair has always been an important sign of beauty, especially true for women.Next to the face, hair is one of the main qualities people look for when they consider a woman's beauty.Whether long or short, curly or straight, hair often gets a lot of attention.
Each hair grows independently of other hairs.Not all hairs experience the same period of growth at the same time.During the period of active growth, which is called Anagen, hair grows at a rate of about or one centimeter a month.About eighty five percent of hair follicles  are going through this process at any given time.This period can last from two to six years.
The Catagen period of hair growth comes next.It is then that hair growth begins to slow down.This period usually lasts two or three weeks.Finally, hair growth comes to a complete stop and the hairs begin to fall out.This period is known as Telogen.Once the Telogen period has ended, the hair growth process begins again.
So what happens when a person has trouble growing hair or suffers from hair loss? Your genes control how fast or how long your hair will grow.Some people have a longer than usual anagen growth period.These people may be able to grow more hair than the average person.
However, others struggle to grow shoulder length hair.These people have a shorter than normal anagen period.
Your health can also affect hair growth.Poor nutrition can cause some hair follicles to stop growing or cause the hairs that grow to become weak or thin.Problems with hair growth can result from thyroid (^?K JSO problems or other conditions.Health experts say people who experience a sudden increase in hair loss should seek medical advice.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the average amount of time for hair to grow?
Answer: one year
MC option A) one day 
MC option B) one year 
MC option C) six months 
MC option D) twelve months

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 53 Test instance: 460

Learning a Second Language
Some people learn a second language easily. Other people have trouble learning a new language. How can you help yourself learn a new language, such as English? There are several ways to make learning English a little easier and more interesting.
The first step is to feel confident about learning English. If you believe that you can learn, you will learn. Be patient. You don't have to understand everything all at once. It is natural to make mistakes when you learn something new. We can learn from our mistakes.
The second step is to practise your English. For example,write in a diary every day. You will get used to writing in English,and you will feel comfortable expressing your ideas in English. After several weeks, you will see that your writing is improving. Besides, you must speak English every day. You can practise with your classmates after class. You will all make mistakes, but gradually you will become comfortable _ in English.
The third step is to keep a record of your language learning. You can write this in your diary. After each class, think about what you did. Did you answer a question correctly? Did you understand anything the teacher explained? Perhaps the lesson was difficult, but you tried to understand it. Write these achievements  in your diary.
You must be active in learning English and believe that you can do it. It is important to practise every day and make a record of your achievements. You will enjoy learning English, and you will feel more confidence in yourself.

Generated quiz:
Question: If you want to learn a language, you should _.
Answer: listen to the language
MC option A) read the language 
MC option B) listen to the language 
MC option C) write the language 
MC option D) speak the language

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 54 Test instance: 469

It was 11 pm. Donald Lubeck was lying in bed. Outside, lightning lit up the sky, and thunder shook the house. Suddenly he heard the smoke alarm sounding. Lubeck walked down to see what happened; he opened the door to the kitchen, and flames  just went out. The sudden strong wind from the doorway immediately created a large fire from a small one, probably caused by lightning. Lubeck went back to his bedroom to call 911. "I felt safe because the room had a separate stairway," he explains. The phone didn't work, and when Lubeck tried to go down the stairway, he was stopped by a wall of flames. Lubeck realized he was in trouble. His daughter and granddaughters, who lived with him, were away for the night. 
Up a hill lived Lubeck's neighbors, Jeremie Wentworth and his wife. From his house, Wentworth saw the black smoke. He rushed out, and headed towards Lubeck's house. He knew Lubeck lived in the house. He dialed 911. On the phone, the 911 worker warned Wentworth not to enter the house. "But I told the worker, "Sorry, but I'm going in. I can hear Lubeck shouting "Help me!" I can't let myself do nothing in this situation," /he says. "I went in and shouted, "Donald, where are you?" Then I had to run outside to catch my breath." After one more try inside the house, he gave up. Then the wind parted the smoke just enough for him to see Lubeck on the second-floor bedroom. But there was no way to get to him."I finally noticed a ladder," says Wentworth. He set it against the wall and pulled Lubeck down. Just seconds later the floor fell down. 
Within the year, Lubeck and his family built a new two-story house at the place. Wentworth and Lubeck don't run into each other often, but Lubeck now knows that if he ever needs help, Wentworth will be there.

Generated quiz:
Question: A fire started in a kitchen. The fire spread to the living room, and then to the bedroom. What did the firefighter do to save Donald?
Answer: he pulled him out of the burning house
MC option A) he pulled him out of the burning house 
MC option B) he called the fire department for help 
MC option C) he stayed with him until the fire was out 
MC option D) he gave him water from a hose

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 55 Test instance: 478

In 1974, after filling out fifty applications, going through four interviews, and winning one offer, I took what I could get ----- a teaching job at what I considered a distant wild area: western New Jersey. My characteristic optimism was alive only when I reminded myself that I would be doing what I had wanted to do since I was fourteen ------- teaching English.
School started, but I felt more and more as if I were in a foreign country. Was this rural area really New Jersey? My students took a week off when hunting season began. I was told they were also frequently absent in late October to help their fathers make hay on the farms. I was a young woman from New York City, who thought that "Make hay while the sun shines" just meant to have a good time.
But, still, I was teaching English. I worked hard, taking time off only to eat and sleep. And then there was my sixth-grade class ---- seventeen boys and five girls who were only six years younger than me. I had a problem long before I knew it. I was struggling in my work as a young idealistic teacher. I wanted to make literature come alive and to promote a love of the written word. The students wanted to throw spitballs and whisper dirty words in the back of the room.
In college I had been taught that a successful educator should ignore bad behavior. So I did, confident that, as the textbook had said, the bad behavior would disappear as I gave my students positive attention. It sounds reasonable, but the text evidently ignored the fact that humans, particularly teenagers, rarely seem reasonable. By the time my boss, who was also my taskmaster, known to be the strictest, most demanding, most quick to fire inexperienced teachers, came into the classroom to observe me, the students exhibited very little good behavior to praise.
My boss sat in the back of the room. The boys in the class were making animal noises, hitting each other while the girls filed their nails or read magazines. I just pretended it all wasn't happening, and went on lecturing and tried to ask some inspiring questions. My boss, sitting in the back of the classroom, seemed to be growing bigger and bigger. After twenty minutes he left, silently. Visions of unemployment marched before my eyes.
I felt mildly victorious that I got through the rest of class without crying, but at my next free period I had to face him. I wondered if he would let me finish out the day. I walked to his office, took a deep breath, and opened the door.
He was sitting in his chair, and he looked at me long and hard. I said nothing. All I could think of was that I was not an English teacher; I had been lying to myself, pretending that everything was fine.
When he spoke, he said simply, without accusation, "You had nothing to say to them."
"You had nothing to say to them". he repeated." No wonder they are bored. Why not get to the meat of literature and stop talking about symbolism. Talk with them, not at them. And more important, why do you ignore their bad behavior"? We talked. He named my problems and offered solutions. We role-played. He was the bad student, and I was the forceful, yet, warm teacher.
As the year progressed, we spent many hours discussing literature and ideas about human beings and their motivations. He helped me identify my weaknesses and strengths. In short, he made a teacher of me by teaching me the reality of Emerson's words: "The secret to education lies in respecting the pupil."
Fifteen years later I still drive that same winding road to the same school. Thanks to the help I received that difficult first year, the school is my home now.

Generated quiz:
Question: The author's boss told her that she was not doing a good job teaching her students. She should have been more firm with the students. What did the boss mean by saying that?
Answer: he thought the teacher was not teaching the students
MC option A) he thought the teacher was not qualified to teach 
MC option B) he thought the teacher was not teaching the students 
MC option C) he thought the students were not interested in learning 
MC option D) he thought the students were being disruptive

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 56 Test instance: 487

Is It OK to Snap   Your Food?
Have you ever taken a snap of a luxurious cake or photographed a juicy steak when you eat in restaurants? You may want to share what you eat with your friends or just post part of your daily life onto the Internet. However, such action may be very annoying  to other diners, or even to chefs and restaurant owners. Currently, more and more people begin to consider " foodstagramming" as very silly and a bad manner.
In many restaurants, diners complain of being blinded by flasher , snapped without their permission and disturbed by people climbing on to chairs for a better angle. Even chefs and restaurant owners are annoyed at food photography. A Michelin-starred  chef said, "It's hard to build a memorable evening when flashes are flying every six minutes."
At the start of 2013, the debate on whether it is OK to take photographs of your food in restaurants seemed to swing   towards a definite "no." According to several chefs in New York City, some restaurants there have started banning customers from taking photos of their food. Policies around the ban of food photography vary from restaurant to restaurant, ranging from restrictions on using a flash to outright  bans. If other restaurants follow such policies, it may signal the death of " foodstagramming".
Nevertheless, instead of banning food photography, some restaurants are offering food photography courses. In Spain, the restaurant group Grupo Gourmet has started running a " Fotografia para foodies" course to instruct its customers to better take food pictures. The course teaches customers to take photos in a proper way without disturbing other dinners, such as never use a flash.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is eating lunch in a restaurant. The student takes a picture of the food with a flash. The other diners are annoyed by the flash. What is the best way to take the picture?
Answer: use a tripod
MC option A) use a tripod 
MC option B) take the picture with your phone 
MC option C) take the picture with a flash 
MC option D) take the picture without a flash

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 57 Test instance: 496

By teaching your children fire safety you can make sure they know what to do when a house fire occurs.
Making sure that your children know exactly what is required of them cuts down on the chaos of the emergency situation and helps keep your family safe and secure.
Make sure your children know how to correctly stop, drop, and roll and feel confident in the fact that it works.  It puts out the flames. The usual response to clothing catching on fire is to run around and run about wildly, which only exposes the fire to more oxygen and feeds the flames. Your children should also know to touch door handles before opening the door to see if they are hot. If they are, it means that there's a fire in   the next room, and they should leave the door closed and find another route out of the house.
Make sure your children understand that they should never play with lighters or matches. Fires started by playing with these things are the leading cause of fire-related injuries in children under five years old.  Many children are fascinated by lighters and matches and want to experiment with lighting things on fire to see what happens.
Do regular fire drills to practice your evacuation plan so that your family knows what to do in an emergency. Make sure everyone knows all the possible exit points of the house that they can use; a fire in your home will be a chaotic situation, and it' s best to make sure all members of your family know your evacuation plan well enough so that it is second nature and they don't have to waste time thinking if a fire starts.
Quick, determined response to a fire will save your family members' lives.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the best way to get out of a burning building?
Answer: use the nearest exit
MC option A) use the nearest exit 
MC option B) stay in the room and fight the fire 
MC option C) crawl under the burning debris 
MC option D) jump out a window

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 58 Test instance: 505

Warm weather brought by El Nino has had mixed effects on animals in usually snowy places in North America, including New England, according to an Associated Press article.
Some animals seem to benefit from having a chance to gather more food before winter, and from expending less energy in daily survival mode. Others, like snowshoe hares, are put at center stage in predators'  view when they lack snow for disguising their white fur -- not a good thing for them, of course.
Black bears, on the other hand, have been keeping busy gathering nuts and apples, when they would normally have settled into their winter homes by now. Vermont and Massachusetts officials have asked residents to wait till snow falls to take out their bird feeders for the sake of safety, the article said.
"We suggest waiting for 6 or more inches of snow that lasts before taking out your bird feeders, especially if you have been visited in the past by bears or if there are sightings of bears in your neighborhood,"Forrest Hammond, Vermont Fish and Wildlife's bear biologist, said in the article."Due to lack of snow and frozen ground, birds are able to seek food in fields and forests for theirnatural foods."
Snow amounts can also determine how comfortable bears are and how quickly they consume their accumulated fat during hibernation , noted Hammond in the article. This is because snow covers and traps them in their winter homes, and also hides them from predators.

Generated quiz:
Question: A squirrel is a kind of animal. In the fall, squirrels gather food for the winter. If a squirrel's food source is cut off in the winter, what will the squirrel most likely do to survive?
Answer: hibernate
MC option A) hibernate 
MC option B) migrate 
MC option C) seek shelter 
MC option D) eat poisonous plants

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 59 Test instance: 514

You could feel sorry for Alberto Torres, who is blind. The last thing he remembers seeing was his daughter being born 13 years ago. Then the world went blank; he can only imagine what his only child looks like now, as a teenaged honor student. Bad luck is no stranger to this warm and thoughtful 37-year-old man. His mother died of cancer when he was 4, and his father, who was often ill, had to give him up to the care of the state when he was 11. He later worked for 19 years in a workshop making household goods, deathly boring work. Earlier this month, Alberto Torres's wife, who had just been laid off from her job, had to have a breast removed due to cancer and now faces a year of radiation treatments. Things seemed always to go from almost incredibly bad to worse. Even Mr. Torres's good luck has a dark side: Five years ago, his lovely guide dog pulled him out of the path of a truck. Mr. Torres was not hurt. The dog was killed.
But Mr. Torres does not feel sorry for himself. "These are just little bumps you have to go over in your life," he said. At 5 a.m. on a recent morning, we caught up with Mr. Torres at a subway stop in Brooklyn, New York, near where he lives in a third-floor apartment (with no elevator). He had been up since 3 a.m., feeding his new dog, making coffee, getting ready. "When you're blind, it takes a little longer to do things," he said.
Mr. Torres was beginning his two-hour trip to his job developing film in the X-ray department of the emergency room of the Bronx hospital. He would take the G train to Queens Plaza station to the R train, heading towards Manhattan. He would then ride the R train to 59th Street where he would walk upstairs to switch to the Number 6 train. At one point along the journey, he might chat with a stranger. At another, someone would pat his dog, calling him by name. People offered assistance, even seats. At 125th Street, Mr. Torres would transfer to the Number 4 train by crossing the platform. At 149th Street, he would go down to the Number 2. He would take that to East 180th Street where he nearly always has a long wait for his final train, to Pelham Parkway. Then he and his dog would walk 20 minutes to the hospital.
It was a hard job to come by. Before he got the job, Mr. Torres was determined to escape the workshop run by an organization dedicated to help people who can't see. He wanted a job developing X-ray film, something that everyone must do in the dark. He had to handle the long trip, as well as the work. "Our philosophy here is that blind people can do just about anything except drive buses," it was the thinking about disabled people at the Bronx hospital. "We find what a person can do rather than what he can't do," said the hospital's director.
One day a while ago marked the first anniversary of Mr. Torres's hiring. He developed 150 or so X-rays, his usual output, to celebrate. Mr. Torres works by himself in a small, dark room that smells of chemicals. He cannot wear gloves, because he needs to feel. It is hard work, related to emergency of lives. His immediate supervisor says he trusts him 100%. Mr. Torres makes $20,000 a year. But his motivation goes beyond money. "If I start feeling like a victim, that makes me bitter. And why be bitter? That makes you go into a hole and stay there." he said. "I'm not doing anything out of the ordinary," insisted Mr. Torres as he quickly completed the task.

Generated quiz:
Question: Alberto Torres's mother died when he was four years old. His father was often ill and died when Alberto was 11. What is the relationship between Alberto Torres and his wife?
Answer: husband and wife
MC option A) husband and wife 
MC option B) father and daughter 
MC option C) son and daughter-in-law 
MC option D) daughter and mother-in-law

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 60 Test instance: 523

A young man went to a town and worked there. He did not have a wife and a servant did the work in his house.
The young man liked laughing a lot. He nailed the servant's shoes to the floor on Monday, and then laughed, because he put his feet in them and fell down.
The servant was not angry, but smiled. Then the young man put brushes in his bed on Tuesday. The servant got into bed and hit the brushes with his feet. He was afraid. The young man laughed loudly again. Again the servant was not angry, but smiled.
Then on Wednesday the young man said to his servant, "You're a nice, kind man. I am not going to be unkind to you again."
The servant smiled and said, "And I'm not going to put any more mud from the street in your coffee."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student puts mud from the street into a cup of coffee. The student is angry, but the teacher does not punish him. The student's teacher tells him that he must not put mud in the coffee again. The student's teacher says that putting mud in the coffee is a kind of punishment. The student is correct because the servant put the mud in the coffee.
Answer: the servant put the mud in the coffee
MC option A) the servant put the mud in the coffee 
MC option B) the young man put the mud in the coffee 
MC option C) the young man put the mud in the coffee 
MC option D) the young man put the mud in the coffee

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 61 Test instance: 532

We might not be alone in the universe. Actually, it may be confirmed as a very crowded place by new computer models developed to help identify habitable planets.
Estimates of places where life can exist have been based on the possibility of them having surface water. But software recently developed by the Aberdeen University allows researchers to identify planets with underground water kept liquid by heat from planets.
Water is fundamental for life and planets too close to the sun lose water to the atmosphere through evaporation. On the other hand, planets located in distant reaches from their star have their surface water locked away as ice.
Sean McMahon, who is carrying out the work, explained: "Traditionally people have said that if a planet is in this Goldilocks zone--not too hot and not too cold--then it can have liquid water on its surface and be habitable."
But this concept might change when considering that planets can receive two sources of heat--heat direct from the star and heat generated deep inside the planet.
It is easy to observe it in our own planet. As you go down through the crust   of the Earth, the temperature gets higher and higher. Even when the surface is frozen, water can exist below ground.
There could be immense quantities of water in fact--full of primitive life.
Professor John Parnell, also from Aberdeen University said: "There is a significant habitat for microorganisms below the surface of the Earth, extending down several kilometres".
"And some believe that the majority of life on Earth could even reside in this deep biosphere."
So the Aberdeen team are developing models to predict which distant planets might harbour underground reservoirs of liquid water with the possibility of alien life.

Generated quiz:
Question: a planet that is too hot for life to exist
Answer: no liquid water
MC option A) no liquid water 
MC option B) only ice caps 
MC option C) only volcanoes 
MC option D) only solid land masses

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 62 Test instance: 541

There's a widespread perception  in the United States that a university degree is the key to success. But a growing number of educators now say there are other possibilities, especially for students who might not succeed at university level.
This is not a traditional classroom. At the apprentice program run by the Plumbers and Steamfitters Union in the state of Maryland, Travis Strawderman and other students make money while they learn. "I \t's completely changed my life around," he said. "I've been able to pay off all my debts. I can say I'm actually responsible enough to have my own family."
Strawderman's five-year program teaches him technical skills free of charge. He says he considered university, but it didn't interest him. Economics Professor Robert Lerman says Strawderman is not alone. "A lot of people are bored in high school," Lerman stated. "They leave high school because they are bored. They want to do something besides sitting in a classroom." Lerman says the education system in the United States in too focused on pushing students to attend university. "What we're doing now is we're doing now is we're saying unless you learn in this way you don't really have the chance for a rewarding career," he said.
But Chad Aldeman, an analyst, says studies show the longer students saty in school the better chance they have at having a high paying and stable career. "If you only are a high school graduate your wages are going to drop over your lifetime-as opposed to a college degree," he said. "The college degree is really and insurance policey against unemployment and against low wages."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student who wants to become a plumber should attend a trade school. A plumber is trained to work with his hands. A high school student who wants to become a plumber should attend a trade school. A trade school is a kind of school.
Answer: yes
MC option A) no 
MC option B) yes 
MC option C) no 
MC option D) yes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 63 Test instance: 550

Where is that noise coming from? Not sure? Try living with your eyes closed for a few years. 
Blind people are better at locating sounds than people who can see, a new study says, without the benefits of vision the ears seem to work much better. 
Previous studies have shown that blind people are better than others at reaching out and touching the sources of sounds that are close by. Researchers from the University of Montreal wanted to see if blind people were also better at locating sounds that are far away. 
Twenty-three blind people participated in the study. All had been sightless for at least 20 years. Fourteen of them had lost their vision before age 11. the rest went blind after age 16. The experiment also included 10 people who could see but were wearing blind-folds. 
In one task, volunteers had to pick the direction of a sound coming from about 3 metres away. When the sound was in front of them or slightly off center in front, both groups performed equally well. 
When sounds came from the side or the back, however, the blind group performed much better than the blindfolded group. The participants who had been blind since childhood did slightly better than those who lost their sight later. 
Recognizing the locations of distant sounds can be a matter of life-or-death for blind people, say the researchers. Crossing the street, for instance, is much harder when you can't see the cars coming.
Still, the researchers were surprised by how well the blind participants did, especially those who went blind after age 16. In another experiment, the scientists also found that parts of the brain that normally deal with visual information became active in locating sound in the people who were blind by age 11. These brain parts didn't show sound-location activity in the other group of blind people or in the sighted people. The scientists now want to learn more about the working of brains of "late-onset" blind people.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is walking along a sidewalk at night. She hears a noise and looks in the direction of the sound. Which sense is used most often by a blind person?
Answer: hearing
MC option A) hearing 
MC option B) touch 
MC option C) smell 
MC option D) sight

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 64 Test instance: 559

London is the capital of the United Kingdom and the largest city in the European Union. It is the world's largest finacial center and one of the most important cultural centers and its influence on politics, education, entertainment, media, fashion, and the arts contributes to its status as a major global city. Central London is the headquarters of more than half of the UK's top 100 listed companies(the FTSE 100 ) and more than 100 of Europe's 500 largest companies. The city is a major tourist destination for both domestic and overseas visitors. London hosted the 1908 and 1948 Summer Olympic Games and will host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
London contains four World Heritage Sites: the Tower of London, the historic settlement of Greenwich ;the Royal Botanic Garden, Kew; and the site comprising the Palace of Westminster, Westminster Abbey and St.Margaret 's Church.
 _ On July 2007, it had an official population of 7,556, 900 within the boundaries of Greater London making _ the most populous municipality in the European Union. Since the 2001 the Greater London Urban Area has been the second largest in the EU after Paris with a population of 8,278,251, and the metropolitan area is estimated to have a total population of between 12 million and 13 million, the largest population area in the EU. The public transport network, administered by Transport for London, is the most intensive in the world. Heathrow Airport is the busiest airport in the world by international passenger traffic and the air space is the busiest of any city in the world.

Generated quiz:
Question: London is the largest city in the European Union. What is the population of London?
Answer: 8 million
MC option A) 8 million 
MC option B) 12 million 
MC option C) 13 million 
MC option D) 10 million

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 65 Test instance: 568

People want action on noise, a recent public meeting in Brisbane showed.Some want technical improvements such as quieter air conditioners or better sound barriers around major roads.Others want tougher laws to restrict noise from building sites or to require owners to take responsibility for barking dogs.But the highest priority was a noise complaints system that works.
Brisbane City Council receives more complaints about noise than all other problems put together.So it conducted a survey and found that about half its residents are upset by noise in one form or another -traffic, mowers, pool pumps, air conditioners or loud parties.This inspired the Council to bring together more than 100 citizens one evening to talk through a range of options.
The meeting found the present regulatory system bizarre.Depending on the problem, responsibility for noise can lie with the Council, the Environment Protection Authority, one of three government departments or even the police.So complainants often feel they are getting the run-round.When the people at the forum were asked to vote for changes, the strongest response was for a 24-hour noise hotline to be the first part of call for all complaints.
The forum also favored regulatory measures, such as tougher minimum standards for noise in appliances like air conditioners.This even makes economic sense, as noise is a waste of energy and money.Other measures the meeting supported were wider buffer   zones around noisy activities and controls to keep heavy traffic away from residential areas.
But there are obvious conflicts.Many people like to have a bar within walking distance if they feel like a drink, but they don't want a noisy pub keeping them awake when they want an early night.Most people want to live near a major road providing good access to other parts of the city, but they don't' want the problem of road noise.
I was most interested by the proposals aimed at behavioral change.There was strong support for measures to reduce traffic: better public transport, cycle ways and footpaths, even charges for road use.Many people optimistically thought industry awards for better equipment would stimulate the production of quieter appliances.It was even suggested that noise from building sites could be alleviated   if Brisbane adopted daylight saving, thus shifting the working day and providing longer, quieter evenings.

Generated quiz:
Question: The city of Brisbane has a problem with noise pollution. What is the best way to reduce the noise?
Answer: move the party to another location
MC option A) move the party to another location 
MC option B) use quieter air conditioners 
MC option C) ask the neighbors to be quieter 
MC option D) ask the party host to end the party earlier

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 66 Test instance: 577

Kodak's decision to apply for bankruptcy protection is a sad, though not unexpected, turning point for a leading American corporation that pioneered consumer photography and dominated  the film market for decades, but finally failed to adapt to the digital revolution. 
Although many attribute Kodak's downfall to "complacency  ," that explanation doesn't admit the efforts with which the company went to reinvent itself. Decades ago, Kodak invented the first digital camera in 1975 -- but in a fateful decision, the company chose to focus on its traditional film business. 
Large companies have a difficult time switching into new markets. For example, although Kodak predicted the rise of digital photography, its culture was too rooted in the successes of the past to fully welcome the future. In the past, their history was so important to them. Now their history has become a liability. 
Kodak's downfall over the last several decades was dramatic. The 1980s brought new competition from Japanese film company Fuji Photo, which weaken Kodak by offering lower prices. Kodak's decision not to pursue the role of official film for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics was a major loss. The bid went instead to Fuji, which exploited  its sponsorship to win a key role in the market.

Generated quiz:
Question: Kodak was the first company to produce photographic film. In the 1980s, Kodak faced competition from Fuji Photo, which offered lower-priced film. As a result of this competition, Kodak's market share declined. What is the current market share of Kodak?
Answer: 0%
MC option A) 100% 
MC option B) 50% 
MC option C) 25% 
MC option D) 0%

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 67 Test instance: 586

Growing up in Philadelphia, Lieberman started cooking with his stay-at-home dad when he was seven. His food-loving family had two kitchens, and he quickly learned what was the best way to bake his cakes. Lieberman improved his kitchen skills during a year abroad beforo college, learning from a cook in Italy and study local specialties in Gerrnany, Spain and France. At Yale,he was known for throwing dinner parties, single-handedly frying and baking while mixing drinks for dozens offriends. Just for fun, he and some friends decided to tape a show named Campus Cuisine about his cooking. Lieberman  was a real  college student showing his classmate how to do things like making drinks out of dining-hall fruit. That helped the show become very popular among the students. They would stop Lieberman after classes to ask for his advice on cooking. Tapes of the show were passed around,with which his name went beyond the school and finally to the Food Network.
Food Network producer Flay hopes the young cook will find a place on the
network television. He says Lieberman's charisma is key."Food T-V isn't about
food anymore." says Flay, " It's about your personality and finding a way to keep
people's eyeballs on your show."
But Lieberman isn't putting all his eggs in one basket. After taping the first season of the new show, Lieberman was back in his own small kitchen preparing
sandwiches. An airline company was looking for someone to come up with a tasteful,
inexpensive and easy-to-make menu to serve on its flight. Lieberman got the job.

Generated quiz:
Question: Lieberman's father was a cook who worked in a restaurant. When he was seven years old, he helped his father make a cake. What did Lieberman learn from his father that helped him become a cook?
Answer: how to read a recipe
MC option A) how to read a recipe 
MC option B) how to make a pie 
MC option C) how to make a sandwich 
MC option D) how to make a cake

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 68 Test instance: 595

John gets up early from Monday to Saturday, because he must go to school before 7:30 on weekdays  and go to Drawing Club at 8:00 on Saturday mornings. He usually goes to the bookshop on Saturday afternoon, and after dinner he watches TV until  midnight .
He doesn't get up early on Sundays. John's parents both work on Sundays. John always watches TV after he gets up. Then he usually goes to KFC to have a hamburger and some juice for lunch. After that, he goes back home and starts to play computer games until his parents come back. He does his homework after dinner. He usually has lots of weekend homework, so he must spend three hours on it. He usually goes to bed at about 11:00 p.m. on Sundays. He often complains  he has too much homework to do.
,.

Generated quiz:
Question: John's parents work on Sundays. What time does John have to get up on Sundays?
Answer: No time
MC option A) 7:30 
MC option B) 8:00 
MC option C) No time 
MC option D) 11:00

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 69 Test instance: 604

Joe Read studied in this school for fourteen years. When he finished school, he was already eighteen years old. And then his father said to him, "You finished school, and you are a good student. Now you may go to town and get a good job. They need some clever people to work in the office. The people there can get a lot of money now. If you stay at home, you can't get money from our family." A few weeks later, Joe went to the office and asked for a job there. A man took him into a small room and gave him some questions on a piece of paper. Joe answered the questions quickly, and he gave the paper to the man. The man looked at the paper for a few minutes and then asked, "You were born on Sep. 23. But which year were you born in?" Joe answered, "Oh, every year."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a test on a certain topic. He is asked to write the answers on a piece of paper. He writes the answers in the order they are given on the paper. Which statement shows that the student has no knowledge of the topic?
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) The Earth is round. 
MC option B) The sun revolves around the Earth. 
MC option C) The sun rises in the east and sets in the west. 
MC option D) Every year on September 23 is the same.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 70 Test instance: 613

Mike was ten years old and he went to the Ashland School. He was very good at football, so he was chosen  by the school team. He always played very well in the matches, and he scored a lot of goals  . One day Mike said to his parents, "we will play football with the Gum Tree School .Will you come and cheer us on?" And they agreed to come.
The match was in the park. The Gum Tree School team wore green shirts and blue shorts  , and Mike's team wore white shirts and red shorts. In the first two minutes of the match, Mike ran with the ball and kicked it into the goal. All the Ashland School boys and their families were very excited about it.
After that, Mike scored two goals before half time. Then in the second half of the match he almost scored another goal, but he kicked the ball with his foot lightly , and the goalkeeper caught it easily and threw it out.
After the match, Mike's father said to him, "You missed a good chance   to score another goal, Mike. Why did you kick it lightly?"
"Because there were tears   in the goalkeeper's eyes," Mike answered.

Generated quiz:
Question: A boy kicks a ball into the goal. The goalkeeper catches the ball and throws it out. The boy kicks the ball with his foot lightly. The goalkeeper catches the ball and throws it out. The boy kicks the ball with his foot lightly because he is afraid of the goalkeeper.
Answer: the goalkeeper is strong
MC option A) the goalkeeper is strong 
MC option B) the goalkeeper is old 
MC option C) the goalkeeper is tall 
MC option D) the goalkeeper is short

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 71 Test instance: 622

Mr Smith goes to the town   to see his son, Tom. Tom is studying music in a school there. He tells his father he does well and his father is very happy. That evening Mr Smith buys two tickets for a concert  . They get there early after dinner. They're sitting in the hall   and listening to them playing. The music is beautiful and Mr Smith enioys it very much. But he finds  his son doesn't like it at all. Mr Smith wants to know something about Tom. So he asks, "Do you know the music?" "Yeah," answers Tom. " And what's the musician playing now?" Mr Smith asks. Tom doesn't know how to answer it. He thinks hard and then says, "... the piano."

Generated quiz:
Question: Tom is a student in a music school. He likes playing the piano. His father buys him a ticket to a concert. What does Tom think of the concert?
Answer: he doesn't like it
MC option A) he doesn't like it 
MC option B) he doesn't know it 
MC option C) he doesn't like it 
MC option D) he doesn't know it

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 72 Test instance: 631

Can plants eat people? Probably not, but there are many plants that eat meat. Some of them are big. And they can eat small animals. One famous meat-eating plant is the Venus flytrap .
The Venus flytrap is a very strange plant. It grows in dry parts of the United States. Its leaves are like the pages of a book. They can open and close very quickly. Inside the leaves, there are three small hairs. If a fly touches one of the hairs, the leaf closes quickly. The fly cannot get out. In about half an hour, the leaf _ the fly until it is dead. Then, the plant covers the fly. Slowly, the plant eats the fly.
Why do plants do it? Most plants get what they need from the sun, the air, and the ground. In some places, the ground is very poor. It doesn't have all these important things, especially nitrogen . Animal meat has a lot of nitrogen, so some plants eat meat to get what they need. Let's hope that some of the bigger plants don't get the same idea!

Generated quiz:
Question: A plant gets the energy it needs from the Sun. A plant requires nutrients to grow. Some minerals are nutrients. A plant requires enough nutrients to grow.
Answer: water
MC option A) water 
MC option B) air 
MC option C) soil 
MC option D) sunlight

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 73 Test instance: 640

When you look up into the sky at night, have you ever felt that your eyes are playing tricks on   you? It seems that the stars are moving all the time.
Actually, there is nothing wrong with your eyes. This twinkling effect is called scintillation  . Scintillation happens because of air movements in the earth's atmosphere  . Light is "bent  " when it travels through different parts of the earth's atmosphere. As the air in the earth's atmosphere is moving all the time, the light from the stars looks as if it is moving too.
The same thing also happens to things on the ground. On a very hot and shiny day, if you look at the road, the image in the distance is not clear and things move slightly. You can also see the same effect if you drop a rock into water. The rock appears a little unclear under the moving water.
This twinkling effect causes a lot of problems for astronomers   since they cannot _ the stars clearly. A telescope   was sent into space so that the air movements in the atmosphere could be avoided  . It took a long time to build the space telescope but finally in 1990, a huge space telescope called the Hubble Space Telescope was successfully sent into space. Since then, astronomers have many important observations that have helped people understand space better.
,.  (10)

Generated quiz:
Question: A telescope is used for observing stars by astronomers. A telescope is a kind of optical instrument for observing the sky.
Answer: a telescope is used for observing the sky by astronomers
MC option A) a telescope is used for observing the sky by astronomers 
MC option B) a telescope is used for observing the sky by ordinary people 
MC option C) a telescope is used for observing the sky by scientists 
MC option D) a telescope is used for observing the sky by scientists

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 74 Test instance: 649

Chinese young people love their smart phones.They play with phone apps every day.But now, a book has let them forget about their phones.The book is called Secret Garden.
It is a colouring book for adults'.You don't have to read it, because it has almost no words.All the pages are pictures but no colours.You just need to use colour pens to paint it.An artist in Britain made the book.
The book is now the biggest selling book on amazon.Cn.last month, it sold 25,000 copies in China.Many young people bought this book.They like it so much that they stop playing games or surfing the Internet on their phones.These people are mainly young mothers and workers.It is very difficult to take care of babies or do a good job at first, so they feel a lot of pressure.Drawing the book can help them become less nervous.
In the past, people thought colouring books are only for children.With Secret Garden getting more and more popular, many young adults also begin to paint as a hobby.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a book called "The Secret Garden" by her teacher. She is asked to read it and then to draw a picture of it. What is the best title for the passage?
Answer: A Colouring Book for Adults
MC option A) A Colouring Book for Adults 
MC option B) A Book for Children 
MC option C) A Book for Young People 
MC option D) A Book for Adults

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 75 Test instance: 658

"It's the doll that my sister loved most and wanted so much for Christmas. She was so sure that Santa Claus would bring it to her." he said.
I replied to him that maybe Santa Claus will bring it to her, and he shouldn't worry. But he replied to me sadly, "No, Santa Claus can't bring it to her where she is now. I have to give the doll to my mommy so that she can give it to my sister when she goes there." His eyes were so sad while saying this. "My sister has gone to be with God. Daddy says that Mommy is going to see God very soon too, so I thought that she could take the doll with her to give it to my sister." My heart nearly stopped. I quickly reached for my wallet and said to the boy, "What if we checked again, just in case  you do have enough money?"
"Ok," he said. "I hope that I have enough." I added some of my money to his without letting him see and we started to count it. There was enough for the doll and even some spare money left . The little boy said, "Thank you God for giving me enough money!"
I left the store, feeling as if my life had been changed forever.

Generated quiz:
Question: A boy wants to buy a doll for his sister. He doesn't have enough money to buy the doll. What should he do?
Answer: ask his mother to help him
MC option A) ask his mother to help him 
MC option B) ask his father to help him 
MC option C) ask his sister to help him 
MC option D) ask his brother to help him

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 76 Test instance: 667

In some countries, people eat rice every day. Sometimes they eat it twice or three times a day for breakfast, lunch and supper. Some people do not eat some kinds of meat. Muslims, for example, do not eat pork.
Japanese eat lots of fish. They are near the sea. So it is easy for them to get fish.
In the West, such as England and the USA, the most important food is potatoes. People there can cook potatoes in many different ways.
Some people eat only fruit and vegetables. They do not eat meat or fish or anything else from animals. They eat food only from plants . They say the food from plants is better for us than meat. These people are called _

Generated quiz:
Question: If a person eats only vegetables, what kind of food will he eat?
Answer: fruits
MC option A) potatoes 
MC option B) fish 
MC option C) meat 
MC option D) fruits

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 77 Test instance: 676

Today is Sunday, and it is a fine day. The animals in the zoo are having a sports meeting now. Let's go and watch it. Look! Some tigers and horses are running fast. They all want to get the first place .What are elephants and lions doing? Oh ,they are playing soccer. The big elephants and the fast lions! What a funny picture it is! And some pandas are watching the soccer game happily .In the pool, a dolphin and a penguin are swimming. Near the pool, a monkey and a koala are climbing up an apple tree .They are both fast and want to get the apples on the tree. A giraffe is umpiring  the game under the tree. Who do you think can get more apples, the monkey or the koala? What an interesting sports meeting it is!

Generated quiz:
Question: A tiger and a horse are running fast. They want to get the first place. What do the elephants and lions do?
Answer: play soccer
MC option A) play soccer 
MC option B) run fast 
MC option C) climb up a tree 
MC option D) swim in the pool

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 78 Test instance: 685

Picture Show
There are 12,000 pictures on show here. You can see the whole Chinese history!
Place: City Museum
Price: ~30
Time: 9:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. Monday-Friday
Films at the Museum
There are two European films on Saturday afternoon at the Museum Theatre. See Broken Window at 2:30. The Workers is at 4:45. For more information, call 84987898.
International Picnic
Are you tired of eating the same food every day? Come to Central Park on Saturday and enjoy food from all over the world. Delicious and not expensive. Noon to 5:00 p.m.
Do You Want to Hear "The Zoo"?
"The Zoo", a popular rock group from Australia, Will give their first US concert  this Saturday night, at 8 at Rose Hall, City College.
The Music Shop's Sale
Sale on every record and tape in the shop, Pop, Rock, Jazz, Disco, Folk. Sale starts on Tuesday and ends on Thursday.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student wants to go to a concert on Saturday night. What should he do?
Answer: he should go to the library
MC option A) he should go to the library 
MC option B) he should go to the cinema 
MC option C) he should go to the park 
MC option D) he should go to the museum

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 79 Test instance: 694

Lucy is a student in Class Two , Grade Seven . She is eleven years old . She had a beautiful toothbrush . But it was broken last Sunday . She was very sad because not only it was beautiful ,but also it was blue --- her favorite color . So her mother went shopping with her to buy a toothbrush on Sunday afternoon .
There are many toothbrushes in the shop . They bought a blue one . There is a blue bird in it . And it is made in Guangzhou . It's ten yuan . _ . But it is so beautiful . And she likes it very much . Then they went home . Lucy can brush teeth now . How happy she is !
A, B, C, D.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is going to buy a new toothbrush for her daughter. What is the best way for the student to choose a new toothbrush?
Answer: compare prices
MC option A) compare prices 
MC option B) choose the most beautiful one 
MC option C) compare the sizes 
MC option D) ask the salesman for advice

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 80 Test instance: 703

Food is a major part of every culture. After all, everyone needs to eat! But each country has its own traditions on what people eat and when.
Egypt
Egyptians commonly start the day with a drink, sometimes going with bread. Breakfast can be eaten any time after this but before the day's main meal. In the past, this main meal was served at around 3:00 p.m. But now people work longer hours and eat when they get home at around 6:00 p.m. Dinner parties are held later, around 9:00 p.m.
Most Egyptian meals include bread or ice, cooked vegetables and beans or meat.
France
France is known for its fine cooking, and its people take food seriously. Most eat three meals a day at fixed times and never snack between meals. Breakfast is a light meal of bread and coffee. They eat lunch at around 1:00 p.m. and a dinner with multiple courses after 8:00 p.m.
The French consider eating a social activity. Eating alone is hard to see, and eating while doing something else is unheard-of. The French take time to enjoy their meals and visitors should do the same.
Brazil
Like the French, Brazilians usually eat a light breakfast. Lunch, the largest meal of the day, usually consists of meat, rice, potatoes, beans and vegetables. Between 6:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m., people enjoy a smaller meal with their families.
Brazilians don't mind eating a hurried or light meal and sometimes buy food from street carts  . But they always finish eating before walking away.
The United States
American's ancestors came from many countries, so American eating habits differ. Some take time to prepare and eat a hot breakfast. Others take a bagel   while rushing out the door or just _ . For lunch, most Americans eat a sandwich or leftovers. Traditionally, families got together for a large evening meal around 6:00, but now busy schedules force many families to eat in turns. American restaurant servings tend to be huge. But you don't have to finish them; taking leftovers home is common.

Generated quiz:
Question: In the past, people in the United States ate dinner at 6:00 p.m., but now they eat dinner at 6:00 p.m.
Answer: 6:00 p.m.
MC option A) 6:00 p.m. 
MC option B) 8:00 p.m. 
MC option C) 6:00 a.m. 
MC option D) 8:00 p.m.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 81 Test instance: 712

Long, long ago there was an old man. He had a very big orange tree in his garden. On the tree there were many fine oranges.
One day the old man found one of the oranges was bigger than the others. It was as big as a watermelon. So he took the big orange to the king. The king was very happy and gave the old man a lot of money for it.
When a rich man heard of this, he said to himself, "It is only an orange. Why did the king give him so much money? If I take my gold cup to the king, he will give me much more money for it."
The next day when the king got the gold cup, he said to the rich man, "What a beautiful cup! I'll give you something for it. Please take the great orange."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a gold cup and an orange. The student thinks the gold cup is more valuable than the orange. What does the student think the orange is worth?
Answer: $answer$ 
MC option A) one dollar 
MC option B) two dollars 
MC option C) three dollars 
MC option D) four dollars

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 82 Test instance: 721

There are about 80,000,000 mines*  under the ground in more . than 60 countries. It is difficult and dangerous to clear these rnines, About 50  people including many children were' killed 'or htirt each iay.  In 2003,  APOPO,  a Dutch research com pan y that uains the an imals, came up with the-idea of s\ng rats to search for the mines.
The animal trainers 'found that a kind of rats from Africa were clever and had.a sharp*  sense of smell.  The rats were about 75 cm long and.weighed about l.35 kg, light enough to run across a minefield without setting off the mines.
In January 2004, the APOPO started this project. First, the trainers let the 4-week-old baby rats get familiar with humans. A few weeks later, the rats were no Ionger afraid of people and 'the things around them. Then they were trained to connect a click* sound with food. After the rats had leamed that, the trainers then taught them to tell the difference between the smell of mines and other smells. When the rats could do it, the click was sounded and they were given a bit of banana.  The method was called clicker training. "The training isn't easy, said trainer Abdullah Mchomvu.  "You have to be patient. Sometimes I get angry, but then again, I tell myself these are animals."
After nine months'training, the rats were taken to a minefield. They'ran across the minefield, stopped, sat and scratched the ground to tell the deminers*  that they smelt out'a mine.  Then the mine was cleared. It had  taken two 'deminers  a day to clear a 200m2 . minefield, but with the help of two rats 'they could finish it in two hours.
The rats and the deminers saved thousands of lives, "The rats did this job much better than we expected. So far they have helped to make almost 2,000,000m2 of land safe. They are heroes," said Bart Weeqens, the head of the APOPO.

Generated quiz:
Question: The rats were trained to tell the difference between the smell of mines and other smells. The rats were given food when they found a mine. What did the rats do when they found a mine?
Answer: they scratched the ground
MC option A) they scratched the ground 
MC option B) they jumped on the ground 
MC option C) they jumped on the fence 
MC option D) they scratched the fence

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 83 Test instance: 730

Mrs. Black has four sons. Dick is six years old. David is five. Dean and Denis  are four. The boys don't go to school. They play soccer every day. So their clothes are always very dirty . Mrs. Black has to wash  clothes for them.
Today is Sunday. Mrs. Black is washing clothes for her sons. Dean comes in and asks her, "Mom, when is your birthday?"
"May 15th," says Mrs. Black, "and it's in next month."
"Will we have a birthday party, Mom?"
"Yes," she says. "We will have a big and great party at home."
"What _ do you want for your birthday?" asks the little boy.
"Four clean  boys."
"Oh, that's great! Then I will have another  four brothers! And we can play soccer together," the boy says happily.

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's birthday is on May 15. What does the writer want for his birthday?
Answer: a new bicycle
MC option A) a new bicycle 
MC option B) a new computer 
MC option C) a new phone 
MC option D) a new house

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 84 Test instance: 739

A young British man called Luke Cameron has done a good deed  every day for more than a year and he says it has completely changed his life.
Luke made a decision at the beginning of 2014.He started by doing one small good thing every single day from January 1st, 2014.For example, he greeted the waiter at a cafe on New Year's Day and he bought food and drink for some homeless people the next day.
He set up a website where he could write down all his good deeds, like helping the neighbor take out the rubbish or spending a few hours in helping a disabled lady pick out a dress for a party.
"I've never thought of any return from helping others.Actually, it has given me happiness and I have become more thankful and grateful for the things I have now." Luke said.He has decided to continue doing good deeds in 2015.
Luke won the competition for the job of National Philanthropy  Manager because of his kind deeds.He will travel all over the UK and help 45 different charities in 2015.
"I used to work as a part-time worker in a shop.Now I become the National Philanthropy Manager." Luke said, "I think I've helped myself by helping others."

Generated quiz:
Question: Luke Cameron is a kind-hearted man. He helps the poor and the disabled. What is the best way for Luke Cameron to help others?
Answer: donate money
MC option A) donate money 
MC option B) give up his job 
MC option C) help the disabled 
MC option D) do some housework

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 85 Test instance: 748

"Can I see my baby?" asked the happy new mother. When the baby was in her arms, she couldn't believe her eyes. The baby was born without ears.
Time proved  that the baby's hearing was very good though he had no ears. He got on well with his classmates. But one day, he said to his mother, tears in his eyes, "A big boy called me a freak  ."
The boy's father asked the family doctor. "Could nothing be done?"
"I believe I could graft   on a pair of outer ears if they could be got," the doctor said. They tried to find a person who was helpful for the young man.
One day, his father said to the son, "You're going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have someone who will donate the ears you need. But we must keep it a secret who the person is."
The operation  was a great success, and a new person appeared. His cleverness and hard work made him a very successful person. He married and lived a happy life.
He once asked his father, "Who gave me the ears? I could do enough for him or her."
"I do not believe you could, "said the father." The agreement was that you are not to know...not yet."
For years they kept it a secret, but the day did come. He stood with his father over his mother's body. Slowly, the father raised the thick, brown hair. To his surprise, the son found his mother had no outer ears.
"Mother said she was glad she never needed to cut her hair," his father said in a low voice, "and nobody ever thought mother less beautiful, did they?"

Generated quiz:
Question: A boy was born without ears. His parents tried to find someone who could help him. They finally found a person who was willing to help. What did the boy say to his father?
Answer: he was glad his mother had no ears
MC option A) he was glad his mother had no ears 
MC option B) he was glad his father had no ears 
MC option C) he was glad his mother had thick hair 
MC option D) he was glad his father had thick hair

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 86 Test instance: 757

British food is very different from Chinese food. For example, they eat a lot of potatoes.They like to eat them every day.They eat a lot of bread with butter for breakfast and usually for one other meal. Butter is made from milk.They do not eat much rice.For their dinner they like meat or fish with potatoes and one or two other vegetables.They cook all this together.After dinner they always have something sweet.They do not have dumplings.They drink a lot of tea.They are the biggest tea drinkers in the world.They like Chinese tea, but they usually drink strong black tea from India.

Generated quiz:
Question: What is the main ingredient in a typical American breakfast?
Answer: cereal
MC option A) milk 
MC option B) eggs 
MC option C) cereal 
MC option D) potatoes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 87 Test instance: 766

Jake is going on a trip. He and Mum take a taxi to the airport.
"It's my first plane trip," he tells the taxi driver.
"That' s great!" the taxi driver says.
Jake rolls his suitcase onto the plane.
"It's my first plane trip," he tells the pilot.
"Welcome aboard," the pilot says.
Jake finds his seat and buckles his seatbelt . The plane's engines _ Jake opens his backpack and pulls out Panda.
"It's my first plane trip," he whispers. He holds Panda's paw.
The plane moves faster and faster. Then-Whoosh! On the ground, cars and houses look like toys.
Jake smiles. "Guess what, Panda?" he says. "Flying is fun!"

Generated quiz:
Question: Jake is going to the airport to take a plane. He tells his mother that it is his first plane trip. What does Jake tell his mother?
Answer: he is going to the airport
MC option A) he is going to the airport 
MC option B) he is going to see his friend 
MC option C) he is going to play with Panda 
MC option D) he is going to see his friend's house

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 88 Test instance: 775

There was a new maths teacher and some new students in the school. One of the new students named Karl was very _ . The other students tried to explain   numbers to him, but he didn't understand.
Before Karl arrived, maths was the most boring lesson of all. Now it was great fun. The children would listen to Karl and correct his mistakes. They all wanted to be the first to find his mistakes, and then tried to think up the best ways to explain them.
But little Lewis was sure that Karl felt sad and wanted to talk with him. So, one day, he decided to walk after Karl after school. Lewis was sure he would see him crying. On the way home, Karl walked a few minutes to a park, and there he waited for someone to meet him...
It was the new teacher!
They went off, hand in hand. Lewis could hear them talking about maths. And that stupid Karl knew everything about it, and even much more than anyone else in the class!

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's friend was very angry with him because he didn't understand the lesson. What did the teacher say to him?
Answer: he was clever
MC option A) he was clever 
MC option B) he was stupid 
MC option C) he was sad 
MC option D) he was happy

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 89 Test instance: 784

Do you have a dictionary? I think almost everyone has one.But ,how often do you use a dictionary? I don't believe that everyone makes good use of it.You may come across lots of new words in your study and you will ask someone for the answers. But if you have a dictionary ,
please don't let it sleep.You should make better use of it .It can tell you not only the meaning of the words but also the use of them.What's more, it can tell you how to use them.
It is true that dictionaries are very useful and important to us.They are like silent teachers. When you have a question, you can turn to them.They will give you the right answer.They are also like a trusted friend and stay with you forever. You can learn a lot from them .
Don't be lazy. Don't let your dictionary sleep any more. You will find it is a new world if you walk to it.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is reading a book about the history of China. He is interested in Chinese history. He wants to know more about Chinese history. He asks his teacher for help. The teacher tells him that he can read Chinese history books. What does the student need to do to read Chinese history books?
Answer: learn the language
MC option A) learn the language 
MC option B) read the books 
MC option C) learn the history 
MC option D) read the books

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 90 Test instance: 793

Joseph really felt very happy. When he arrived at his seat in the classroom that morning, he found an invitation on his desk. It was from several of his classmates asking him to join them on a camping trip. This was the first time he was asked to join in an out-of school activity. Why were they asking him now? Nobody seemed to like him. In fact, he had been so lonely _ . As a result, he had put on a lot of weight, and this gave the kids something more to make fun of him.
Celina, who was standing near Joseph when he read the invitation, went out quickly to tell the others that the trick had worked. Everyone was pleased that Joseph thought that was true. But there was no camping trip. The whole thing was made up.
At first, Celina thought it was fun. But later, when Joseph told her that he was going to buy a sleeping bag with his savings, Celina had a second idea. She knew that Joseph's family had little money, and she hated to see him spend his savings on something he would never use. Celina also hated to tell Joseph the truth. Her close friends would be angry with her.
What could she do now?

Generated quiz:
Question: Celina's friends told her that Joseph would not go on the camping trip. What did Celina do?
Answer: she gave Joseph her sleeping bag
MC option A) she gave Joseph her sleeping bag 
MC option B) she told Joseph the truth 
MC option C) she bought a sleeping bag for Joseph 
MC option D) she told Joseph to buy a sleeping bag

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 91 Test instance: 802

If someone asks you to draw a picture of a robot, what will it look like? Like a person? We always think the robot looks like a person. But real robot have many different looks. What robots look like has something to do with the jobs they do.
Robot don't get bored. They don't get tired. They don't worry about getting dirty.
Some people are worried that robots will become the _ of the earth one day. But I think it won't happen. After all, robots are controlled   by people. They work according to people's orders.
With the help of robots, we are living a safer, happier and more comfortable life.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a robot to do some work. The student should tell the robot what to do. The robot should be able to do the work without getting tired.
Answer: yes
MC option A) no 
MC option B) yes 
MC option C) no 
MC option D) yes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 92 Test instance: 811

"Depend on yourself" is what nature says to every man. Parents can help you. Teachers can help you. Others still can help you. But all these people only help you to help yourself.
There have been many great men in history. Many of them were very poor when they were young, and had no uncles, aunts, or friends to help them. Schools were few and not very good. They could not depend on them for education. They tried their best to learn something and never gave up till they became well-known. One of the most famous teachers in England used to tell his pupils, "I cannot make worthy men of you, but I can help you make men of yourselves."
Some young men don't try their best to make themselves valuable to the human beings. If they see their weak points and change their ways, they can be successful. They are nothing now, and will be nothing as long as  they live, unless they accept the advice of their parents and teachers, and depend on themselves.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a book by his teacher. He is told to read it every day. What does the student need to do in order to read the book?
Answer: sit down
MC option A) sit down 
MC option B) stand up 
MC option C) walk away 
MC option D) stay in the room

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 93 Test instance: 820

Today is the fifth day of August. It is Judy's birthday. When she comes back home from school, she sees a card on the table. It says, "There's a present   for you, Judy. Look for it in your bedroom." Judy runs into her bedroom. Her parents are looking at her and _ . On the chair she sees a red box. She thinks her present must be in it. She opens it, and there is a piece of paper in it. She reads it, "Dear Judy, I'm your present. My first letter is in the word 'bag', but not in 'age'. My second letter is in 'like', but not in 'lake'. My third letter is in "know", but not in 'now'. And you can find my last letter in both 'desk' and 'get'. What am I?" Judy thinks for a while and says, "Aha, I know. But where is it?" Her father tells her it is in her study.
What is it? Do you know?
. (5)

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a present on her birthday. What is the present?
Answer: a book
MC option A) a book 
MC option B) a hat 
MC option C) a box 
MC option D) a desk

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 94 Test instance: 829

Li Ruyan, 13 and his classmates in Shanghai did something special last summer. They worked in groups with traffic police at different crossroads in the city. Holding small red flags, the students helped keep order and stopped people from jaywalking .
As part of the school project. Li's school has encouraged its students to do more community work.
After the half day of exhausting work Li told himself not to jaywalk anymore.
"I think through community work we get to help others and, more importantly, we grow a sense of responsibility ," he said.
Community service is an important part of education for teenagers around the world. In the US and Canada, high school students need to finish 40 hours of community service before graduation. For those Americans who have finished 1,400 hours of community work, they can be awarded nearly $ 5, 000(33, 000 yuan).
Chinese students today do more community work, too. For example, starting from 2010, Sichuan high school students have been asked to do 10 days of community work. It will become part of their school grade.
Qian Lijun, 16, and her classmates in Suzhou, Jiangsu went to a local elder care home this winter. They put Spring Festival couplets   on the walls and cheered up the people living there.
Li Xiaotian, 15, of Anshan said he used to clear flyers   from telephone poles   with his classmates. They brought tools, towels and buckets and worked for three hours under the summer sun. "It was tiring, but seeing the clean poles without ugly ads -- we really felt proud," he said.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is helping his neighbors by picking up trash. What is the best way to help the neighbors?
Answer: a good deed
MC option A) a good deed 
MC option B) a kind word 
MC option C) a kind face 
MC option D) a kind heart

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 95 Test instance: 838

I was 10 the year my cousin Marley's parents gave her a painful Christmas surprise: they were getting a divorce . My aunt went to California, but my uncle decided to get her back. There was one matter: where to put his young daughter. Luckily, my mother loved Marley, giving her more attention than her family ever did.
On that Christmas Eve, my cousin arrived on our doorstep carrying an old blue suitcase. Before she stepped inside, Marley said, "It doesn't matter. When my parents come back, we'll have a bigger Christmas than this."
Late on the night Marley arrived, my mom came into my room, her arms filled with packages.I knew they were my Christmas presents. "I know how you love surprises but we have to decide which ones to give to Marley."
My mother carefully opened the gifts. Wow! I saw ice skates, red leather gloves and a dollhouse. The last present was the music box we'd asked the lady at the local store to take down and play for us over and over again.
"Which ones?" my mother asked. "She can have the ice skates," I said reluctantly . "That's good," my mother said. She began to tape the packages up again. Then she stopped and asked, "Are you sure about these?" At that moment, I realized she expected more from me than I had already given. So I gave her the music box, too, and  _ . The next morning, Marley's eyes were resolute . She expected nothing and wanted us to know she didn't care. But when she saw her name on the biggest box, she couldn't hide her excitement. I thought my happiness would be cut in half. Instead it was doubled.
Over the last 40 years, Marley and I have grown apart . But the love we felt for each other that day still remains. Today Marley says, "They were the best presents I ever got.

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's mother gave her a music box for Christmas. What did the music box play?
Answer: a tune
MC option A) a tune 
MC option B) a story 
MC option C) a poem 
MC option D) a song

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 96 Test instance: 847

Men Xue and Yang Yue are good friends. They are in the same school. They are in Class Two , Grade Seven. Men Xue is from Heze,Shandong. She is eleven years old . Her QQ number is 839922660. Yang Yue is from Dalian. She is twelve years old. Her brother   is Harry. He is a worker  . He is twenty-five (25). His telephone number is 18845036918.
.

Generated quiz:
Question: If a student is given a list of words that begin with the letter A, what will be the most likely sentence?
Answer: a sentence
MC option A) a sentence 
MC option B) a paragraph 
MC option C) a list 
MC option D) a chart

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 97 Test instance: 856

An Internet game named Happy Farm is becoming more and more popular among young office workers and students. People can work on a farm. They can also grow, water, sell and steal vegetables, flowers, fruits and so on. They can earn some e-money from their working on the farm. Then they can use it to buy more seeds, pets and even houses. Of course, all these are not true, they are only on the Internet.
Why do so many young people enjoy the kind of Farm game? I think maybe some of them are afraid of facing the real world, and they have to look for fun from the Internet. Some feel lonely and want to make friends during growing vegetables on the Internet. Some have great fun _ others' vegetables because they needn't work on their farm.
Most parents and teachers are worried about these young people and students. Students spend too much time playing the game. It's bad for their health and study.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is growing vegetables in a garden. He is watering the plants every day. What is the best way to make the vegetables grow faster?
Answer: water them every day
MC option A) water them every day 
MC option B) put them in the sun 
MC option C) water them with rain 
MC option D) put them in the dark

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 98 Test instance: 865

Zhao Tao, a student from No.2 Middle School, has just come back from Shanghai. This morning, he told us something about his pleasant trip .When he talked about the Shanghai World Expo, he was so excited and so proud that he kept telling about it for several hours. The Shanghai World Expo held by China has been on for more than one month .It started on May 1st, and will end on October 31st, 2010. Its main idea is "Better City, Better Life." About 242 countries and organizations are attending this expo. Many new products can be seen here, such as we can see the snow in the South Korea Corporate Pavilion  every day during this hot summer though it seldom snows in Shanghai. And we can see, hear, touch and smell the 4-D films at the Oil Pavilion. How wonderful all these new products are!
China Pavilion is in the center of the expo garden. It is very beautiful. It represents the development of China from ancient time to now. It's a pride of our China!
Thousands of people from all over the world are coming to the expo every day. And many volunteers are working for them. All the tourists are very pleased and they say that the Shanghai World Expo is the greatest one in the world so far.
However, Zhao said, "The expo garden is now so crowded. If you want to visit it, you'd better go there during the summer vacation."

Generated quiz:
Question: The writer's family lives in a small town. He often goes to the expo with his friends. What is the best time for him to visit the expo?
Answer: summer vacation
MC option A) summer vacation 
MC option B) autumn vacation 
MC option C) spring vacation 
MC option D) winter vacation

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 99 Test instance: 874

The crow  is an ordinary  bird. It is about twenty inches  long and black all over. Crows are dirty birds because they live on old bad food. Crows eat a lot of waste food. In this way they are more useful to us than any birds. They clean up the dirty things in our streets. Crows are always hungry. They look for food all day long, and in the evening you can see them in large numbers flying back to their nests  in the trees. They sleep there at night.
Crows are much noisier than other birds. Very often a large number of crows will get together on one house and talk. Sometimes they talk together, and sometimes they do it by turns like human beings . It is easy to tell from  crows' sounds whether they are pleased or angry. Perhaps crows talk a lot because they are friendly birds. A pair of crows will live together all their lives, and if one of them dies, the other one becomes very sad and quiet for the rest of its life and sometimes it dies, too.

Generated quiz:
Question: A crow is a kind of bird. What is the relationship between a crow and its young?
Answer: a crow is a kind of bird. its young are called crowlings. the crow is the parent of the crowlings. the crowlings live in a nest built by the mother crow. the crowlings live in a nest built by the mother crow. the crow is the parent of the crowlings
MC option A) the crow is the parent of the crowlings 
MC option B) the crowlings are the offspring of the crow 
MC option C) the crow is the offspring of the crowlings 
MC option D) the crow is the offspring of the crow

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 100 Test instance: 883

"I'm so sorry. It was all my fault, with no excuse and no reason," said the 23-year-old Taiwan actor, Kai Ko or Ko Chen-tung  , bowing to the press conference  . Ko apologized publically for taking drugs   with friends at his house in Beijing"It was my personal behavior, selfish and stupid. I cannot go back in time to undo what I did, but there is willingness to correct a mistake. I want to correct my mistake, because I don't want to see the sad faces of those who love me and those who I love. I am really sorry to them."Ko said.
Ko became very famous and popular after starring in the film called You Are the Apple of My Eye in 2011. His clean and youthful image won him many fans. For those fans, they are willing to trust Ko. By the end of the 10-minute press conference, 3,207 users of Sina Weibo   supported Ko and hoped he would be a better person in the future.
However, there were other voices. Wang Zhuo, a user of Sina Weibo said, " It doesn't matter whether he apologizes or not, because nobody cares. Showbiz and the arts industry   will not use anyone like him from now on anyway." Another user said, "After 14 days of detention  , Ko's acting skills grew a lot!"
When asked what his plans are after he regained freedom, Ko said he would continue to cooperate with the police on further investigations   after returning to Taiwan.

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is arrested for drug possession. The student's friends say that he was with them when he took the drugs. What is the student's attitude toward the arrest?
Answer: $answer$ 
MC options are not created properly

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel row: 101 Test instance: 892

Snack time is a part of the day for children of all ages. But new research suggests that kids snacking in big groups could be at risk for _ .
Scientists from American University looked at the eating behavior of 54 kids between the ages of 2 and 6. At snack time, the scientist watched the amount of food each child ate while they were in groups of either three or nine. According to the study, the more children there are in a group, the more likely they are to eat more. Those in the larger group ate nearly 30 percent more than those in the smaller group, and they actually ate faster.
Since this is the first such study in children, scientists are quick to point out the importance of encouraging healthy habits in kids as early as possible.
"If you know kids eat more in large groups, it seems perfect to use this information to keep snack groups small or use small tables," says Dr. Jana Klauer, an expert in New York.
Smaller groups would allow for a quiet and more relaxing environment-a perfect chance to teach children about food, manners and how to know when they feel full. "This would have an effect on kids' eating," adds Klauer. "They would slow down and eat less."

Generated quiz:
Question: A student is given a piece of candy and told to eat it all before going to school. The student is most likely being punished for eating too much candy. The punishment is being grounded for one day. What is the consequence of being grounded for one day?
Answer: no television
MC option A) no television 
MC option B) no computer 
MC option C) no phone 
MC option D) no friends

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

